I saw the movie and it was so-so .
It always cracked me up to see middle-aged `` Skinheads '' hobbling around with their pantlegs rolled up and suspenders hanging down .
Their is much more to that if your hoping for a successful relationship and marriage .
You 've managed to do the total opposite and created meaningless arguments that will get us nowhere .
I'll do you a deal .
Zuul88-My cousin 's an IE Peckerwood , and i 'm a good friends with another , I live over here in san bernardino , send me a pm ?
I am in favor of starting with the death penalty for all traitors which includes all racial traitors .
- YouTube The map of the captured territories .
Well we must send money so you can arm yourselves .
Well, it 's a trick .
I'm with you on that one brother. that 's why I suggested in my first post that you use Stormfront as a casual second source. the bulk of the people on here use it as a sort of Dungeons and Dragons our fantasy football league and they have no real interest in being active .
This is rattle snake territory .
Just to make it clear to someone who does not bother to read the attached links .
Thank you for your kind words , hope to meet you in the new white world one day soon .
The owner is white as are the staff for the most part .
Thank you for posting this .
If anyone wants to post it in other forums feel free to do so .
That is a blessing and a curse at the same time !
I guess 3 times is the magic number .. then they think they get their asses handed to them .. same with bloody Mary also .
It 's even on videos that have nothing to do with White Nationalism .
Really?
At least they 're trying to legally change the system .
I can never pin point my eye color .
I seriously ca n't figure what group I belong to ... any suggestions ? * The Mighty Sisto *
Check it out this is disturbing but insightfull and revealing information that are people here need to see .
Literally !!!!
There will always be survivors , the juden will never let go of the holahoax
There is no different versions of bad when it comes to race traitors , if you date a non white it is bad , no matter if the non-white is asian , black or arab.
Has Don Black or Jamie Kelso announced a PLE in their home town yet ?
You 're joining a group of hard-working and smart activists 88WhiteTiger88 .
Where can whites get in line for a house ?
So very few compared to the tens of millions who have done nothing to advance society .
This means if the mind is stupid the body must suffer .
He dissappeared somewhere and I thought nothing of it .
They also pull out of county plates over as well .
I can hear the Chief now , we have enough on our plates .
I will say I like the idea of this Ruger LCR in 9mm .
I became a revisionist after going to Auschwitz 1 and 2 .
The computer can be equally unproductive , but at least you have control over what you expose yourself to .
Noose
The bodies of dead goats , geese , sheep , and ducks had also been discovered " .
It's indeed a conspiracy theory that insists Whites work together to hold Black people down to benefit Whites in some way .
However they had Slavic names already after two generations showing that they were outnumbered and mixed with the local Slav populations .
They just say this because it makes it sound better and know that people would be less likely to speak out against this .
Why should we try to civilize that which cannot be domesticated or civil ?
Just got the Gmail account , having trouble getting good results on Google news , where else can I look ?
Complete nonsense with your own plain as day motive lurking around in the background as usual . The article shows people are acting , action I support .
The Jew Fag professes to be a White Nationalist .
And they really are quite a frustrated group .
Better yet , make her the poster child for Black Resettlement ! Spending her days digging for grub worm dinners would actually be good for her .
Wasn't meaning yo be hard on you or Knightrider1961 .
Do n't slam on the brakes !
The other guy is over at the B & H forum ...
I also have Google Chrome , IE , Opera .
But I guess if something like this would have happened it would 've been my fault right ? ............................
Good luck ! 11
Feel free to join !!
Discussing a past historical event does n't `` preserve '' anything ....
The band black flag was also pro white , there is a very famous song called `` White Minority '' .
The effectiveness of any martial are is solely dependent on the person practicing it .
Does anyone have that video of black gang attacking a white teenagers in front of his house and then a black gang of females attack his mother for trying to protect her son .
LOL .
yeah it just jews stealing stuff from other martial arts. dont worry about it unless they try to recruit you for the mossad
See, South Africa is just a glimpe into OUR future , as the beasts of Memphis run it directly into the ground .
I cant believe you 've lasted this long on this forum
I hope that black creep does not get off easy .
When do they ever learn !!!!
Music and the right art to go with it is perfect in my opinion .
Yup, Africans breeding like cockroaches , AIDs is not killing them off fast enough to stop their growth !
- Eric
Will bust ribs and penetrate heart .
Hilarious bit of irony there , seeing as many whites had blacks do all the hard stuff for them for the first hundred years of the US or so , for FREE .
1330 WFIN News with Tom Sheldon and Scott Jennings - Findlay Ohio
I plan on putting out a lot of flyers for black history month .. anyone know of any anti black history month flyers ?
can u guys check to make sure ur site work with Linux lots of Linux folks use Konqueror. just a thought
As an Irish nationalist I would never want Northern Ireland to be independent , that part of the population that consider themselves Irish would still be a minority and would still suffer victimisation .
A mud is a mud is a mud that 's all there is to it .
White men who watch professional sports can try and put a spin on it like they 're the Roman elite watching all the slaves fight in the Colosseum , but the fact of the matter is they 're just contributing to negro worship .
Anyone remember an old greyhound track ( since been closed ) in London called ' White City ' ?
http: //www.freep.com/news/education/...7_20040417.htm We need to help .
Wouldn't you be embarrassed to wear on your head , against your will , a mock foreskin in the eyes of the world ?
Last Friday an associate here handed out 100 NV leaflets at a rodeo depicting a graphic summation of non-white ( mestizo ) immigration .
Thank you for posting your story .
I can only hope that today 's events will help teach the European people that they 're traveling down a very bad road ....
Oh and the 3rd song too .
There are extremely few genetic markers that are restricted to only 1 specific area , let alone 1 specific nation .
Every f * cking school child knows that the Globe is round , only total PIZDAS do n't .
I guess it makes sense for them , but they will eventually have to decide whether Jesus was Black or Christianity is false : from their perspective both ca n't be true .
The old shotgun held together !
Once more like-minded brethren have advanced degrees , they can teach and discreetly raise support .
We gottem-aplenty in DC ..
I posted a long and insightful ( or at least so I thought ) post here a couple of days ago .
Those who are not in agreement with anything that they see here are invited to say so - and provide us with the alternative .
I think the only connection homosexuality has to Christianity , in this country , is the large proportion of paedophiles being representatives of Christian churches .
I think it 's best if white men looked after white women in our schools .
I'm actually really sad that only one person emailed me .
I wonder if one of these guys is a Jew .
I almost took out a dozen of them fighting in the street the other night .
I've always said that black people make the perfect slaves because anyone who cannot or will not take responsibility and be master of their own lives is already a slave .
So there white and there against racism or they like monorities against whites ?
But she went on and on about how great koreans are under the guise of japanese name .
I wonder if the attacker was a Swedish national ?
And the guard said with an equally straight face : `` Oh , eh , that 's up on the seventh floor , .... dot , dot dot . ''
Nevertheless , Regency and Victorian era reports abound of dogs who wasted away at their master s graves , cats who refused to eat or drink upon the death of their mistress , and even a pet monkey who committed suicide .
Bad for home defense , which is a pity , its probably a spectacular manstopper , those soft lead hollow base Foster slugs flatten out quickly .
I miss Dr. Pierce very much !
I say ' cry havoc and let slip the dogs of war ' !
I live in northern Alberta and even there I ca n't get away from them .
Myndighetene vurderer nå om de skal få permanent oppholdstillatelse .
What we need to open the eyes of the white population is a major racial conflict ....
I remember this story from last Christmas .
Strange that you cant visit it anymore .
They can talk to adults or to kids of any age .
I live in up state New York .
Have not read the Sagas since I was a kid .
The churches also used to operate hospitals .
ah it is good to here from the father land if you see me on message me I love to talk with someone for Germany
So how good did this guy have it .
A good to start with one is Prodigal Genius written by John J. O' Neill .
The state of Israel built strange communities on the West Bank , and the Palestinians said : `` What is happening here ? ''
Thanks though .
And reading the article one gets gets the impression that comp sci departments are desperate and grateful for bodies -- regardless of color -- in their departments .
Then get one to submit an intro video to the show amd see where it goes .
The Official Website of the British People 's Party A few unpleasant truths re. the zionist ass lickers of the DUP
I find it funny how obsessed many posters are here about how `` White '' and area is .... as if `` Whiteness '' is gauged by skin color alone .
I hope one day to proudly say again that I am an American , when we take this country back .
Nice to see you on this board Mo. I posted a thread on this a week or so ago and here it is .
Nearly everyone has better high speed rail that we do .
Thanks .
YouTube - Vide Cor Meum Brilliant .
What a fantastic idea !
Blacks Will Lose Race War - YouTube
I grew up there but just moved to Santa Barbara for grad school .
If teachers have to focus extra attention on foreigners because they cannot speak English properly , it will be the indigenous Irish students who will suffer .
I wonder what is under the Gobi ?
I dont know whether to welcome you or laugh at you .
The 24-year-old 's body was found Dec. 21 in her apartment by officers who went there to check on her well-being .
The core of White Nationalism is based on the preservation of European Identity , history , culture etc .
Especially in the cariboo .
It bothers me in as much it makes me want to vomit , any white woman who lay down with the beast need not try and come back because `` once you go black you 're not wanted back !
He far excelled Anatoly Karpov and Garry Kasparov .
ANU.ORG is the address read and enjoy !
Try and put in WN views into your classroom .
Adrien Holboth Julia Kovacs Anita Salata Dora Barkaszi Zsofia Buki Beata Frank Eszter Gulyas Eniko Halasz Ramona Kiss Marta Knoll Szandra Proksa
Great Avitar , I need one myself .
The Bear Sterns Report on Illegal Immigration Stormfront National Vanguard David Duke American Renaissance
Big talk , none of you have the balls to tell a skin this to his face .
May they always Rest in Peace , my prayers go out to them .
Why dont we just put them in my spot and then drop a few bombs.I am serious they are making fools out of the Irish .
It just does n't hold my attention .
Put your cursor on the American Dissidents Voices tab and click on it , not the links in the menu which drops down .
http: //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = vaEZZnW _ MJo
Best thing to do is go along to a Blood and Honour gig.There is one in London in 2 weeks .
You can download the PDF for free .
Has anybody watched the video and listened to him ?
oh definitely do push ups and sit ups for the time being .... does n't your school have a weight room you can use ? you should go there ...
WELLSBURG, W.Va.
I'm an adult in my late 30s .
None of my relatives have brown eyes , obviously .
Where do you get that ?
It's a powerful symbol that strikes fear into the heart of our racial enemies , theres a good video on YouTube done by Thule productions entitled the meaning of the swastika our holy aryan symbol .Here 's the link The meaning of the Swastika - Our Holy Aryan Symbol - YouTube
http: //www.guardian.co.uk/print/0,,3...117780,00.html Executive summary : the negroes never domesticated any plants or animals .
A feel a mix of intense hate and depression that we have let things degenerate so far .
An emission nebula cataloged as Sharpless 249 fills the field at the upper left .
For one thing .. she dyed her hair .
This would make me crazy if I saw it in person .
I lived by what is or was the Union 76 truckstop and the T/A truckstop off of Milliken Avenue exit on I-10 .
When the populations are not seperated racial mixing occurs and that is genocide .
Good for the lions .
Sørensen ,
19 years old , was born April 8,
1982 in Kolding .
Well done brother Just dont try teaching him how to shave as it looks like you need some lessons yourself he he
Are there any ple`s started yet then ? and if so where are they so we can check them out maybe we will move to one .
My life has taken an incredible turn since I last posted in this thread .
Groids are scared to death of a big aggressive dog .
Screen Wait till the end when the Blond girlfriend comes in ...
-Adolf Hitler ( Mein Kampf )
It is stupid as hell but it happens all the time .
I put sports drinks in them on longer rides and keep water in the Camelback .
Never heard of them , but give me a few of their song titles so I can download and have a listen .
Thanks for the share .
Because Illyrian-Celt tribes ( Dalmatie , Japods etc ) lived on present day Croatia , then the Slavic Croats arrived and assimilated those Illyrian-Celts , and on end we have Germanic influx during Frankish empire , Holy Roman Empire , Austro-Hungarian Empire and ww1 + ww2 period .
Just make sure you do n't do it inside a mall , it has to be outside .
Except , of course , for those that pander to the filthy sons and daughters of Satan like ' ol Sandra here .
That's either a White guy who 's been exposed to a nuclear fallout or a Black guy ( how many Blacks do you see at Tour de France ?
It 's a symbol demonstrating a lack of oxygen to the head of all its members .
They talk like gangsters - `` yo yo yo '' .
True story
A non-citizen shall have no such rights , but also no such duty .
Manic street preachers are also red scum and basically every band playing is left-wing/pro-faggot , and many of them are drug using lowlifes .
This is also a great place for news that you wo n't find anywhere else ; heartbreaking as it may be .
Good news is that census reports suggest whites are still the least likely to race mix .
You need some white culture , and a dictionary .
I dont like reporting people but the last thing I will do is tolerate some stupid pig who claims Hungarians are Tatars .
But finding ammunition is important .
the video clip at the start looked very good and made a nice change from that band of brothers type crap Got a lot of respect for the Estonian Waffen SS guys .
Killer of woman , child in Oak Cliff gets death penalty | News for Dallas , Texas | Dallas Morning News | Dallas-Fort Worth Crime News | Dallas-Fort Worth News
Mexicans have plenty of open space in their countries to develop they do n't need ours .
Happy Thanksgiving everyone .
The electric Jew and Sports happened to appease the masses of White people .
This film tells the story of a poor victimised African boy ( Joseph ) who was allowed into Ireland .
Guess who picked Canada 's first batch of refugees from Turkey ?
In reality screwing up is it 's own punishment , and nothing deters nor rehabilitates .
Good way to lose weight eat green salads .
WPWW !
Hello, Do you want to know how i think nationalism ?
Im sorry that many people in my country are stupid .
http: //www.nationalvanguard.org/story.php ? id = 8958
Sabotaging the system is a good idea .
They almost always choose to identify with blacks more than whites .
I saw a few video tests of them somewhere ........
This article should reinforce in our minds WHAT we are dealing with .
This time , the charges are assault and battery of a high and aggravated nature and strong armed robbery in connection with the assault on Rose Powell. ( more ... )
Well as far as I know , the origins of the white race and our sub groups are a big unknown that we have been trying to uncover for a very long time .
I 'm going to go with my old man .
http: //www.facebook.com/pages/ % D0 % A0 ... 19205191443389
Make this a problem for your parents.Get their attention where it should be : On the welfare of their child , and their own Race .
Hey, that sounds like one of the best reasons to quit drinking I have heard in a while .
God only knows , these people have no respect for ANYTHING not even their own .
No .
http: //www.azcentral.com/news/articl...glary1219.html = = = = = = = = = = = = About 10 p.m. Dec. 9 , police were called to Ed 's Fish and Chips , 306 N. Central Ave. , for a reported armed robbery , police said .
Parts are more expensive , and exclusive .
Sub 50 yards , as 99 % of our conflicts will be when SHTF , this is probably the round of choice .
I 'm thinking he would look slightly out of place in the ghetto , but hey that 's just my opinion .
I am doing online school for my associates in computer information systems with a concentration in web design .
It's their birth rate that people always forget .
As a matter of fact , I do kinda notice that among them .
The white man has no future in Canada , that is for sure , because the country is being flooded with non-white immigrants .
LOL
Hey, guys I 'm new to SF but I 've long had right wing views about immigration looking to join a white nationalist group I live in Huron county PM me if you have a group I could join or if you know of one in my area !
Looks pretty cool .
All Slavic people had same pre-Christian Gods , Svarog , Svetovid , Perun , etc. etc. but old Bulgarian pantheon is totally different .
A Government of Wolves : The Emerging American Police State A Government of Wolves : The Emerging American Police State
We need a J.T Ready on the California Border .
They will eventually kill off the whites and go back to the jungle ways .
Thor Soderberg ,
43, was shot and killed at 61st and Racine .
ingratiate Main Entry : in · gra · ti · ate Pronunciation : in- ' grA-shE- `` At Function : transitive verb Inflected Form ( s ) : - at · ed ; - at · ing Etymology : 2in - + Latin gratia grace : to gain favor or favorable acceptance for by deliberate effort -- usually used with with < ingratiate themselves with the community leaders -- William Attwood > - in · gra · ti · a · tion /- '' grA-shE- ' A-sh & n / noun - in · gra · tia · to · ry /- ' grA-sh ( E- ) & - `` tOr-E , - '' tor -/ adjective
on here look in your state. its important that white women speak about it to white men that are on the edge of being liberals or not lol or brainwashed fruit cakes.you can shock them wake them up or remind them. keep it up do n't get down on yourself. men will do whatever a woman says right lol
None of these options fit me .
Well at least I was when is was 15 that 's how long ago the picture was taken .
And is it really too much to ask of you people to shut up about Christianity and Paganism and stick to the subject at hand ???
Roll On Big Mamma - YouTube
The Armenian DNA R1b -- 32 % I -- 38 % R1a --- 6 % J --- 6 % Source : Authors : Michael E. Weale Levon Yepiskoposyan Rolf F. Jager Nelli Hovhannisyan Armine Khudoyan Oliver Burbage-Hall Neil Bradman , Mark G. Thomas Title : Armenian Y chromosome haplotypes reveal strong regional structure within a single ethno-national group Hum Genet ( 2001 ) 109 : 659 674 DOI 10.1007/s00439-001-0627-9 Received : 14 September 2001 / Accepted : 14 September 2001 / Published online : 30 October 2001 ORIGINAL INVESTIGATION M.E. Weale ( ✉ ) R.F. Jager O. Burbage-Hall N. Bradman M.G. Thomas Centre for Genetic Anthropology , Departments of Biology and Anthropology , University College London , University of London , Darwin Bdg , Gower St , London WC1E 6BT , UK e-mail : m.weale@ucl.ac.uk , Tel. : + 44-207-4043040, Fax : + 44-207-4042081 L. Yepiskoposyan N. Hovhannisyan A. Khudoyan Institute of Man , Yerevan , Armenia R.F. Jager Faculteit Biologie , Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam , Amsterdam , The Netherlands http: //www.ucl.ac.uk/tcga/tcgapdf/We ... 01-Armenia.pdf Table 1 Y chromosome haplogroup frequencies in six Armenian regions ( determined by paternal grandparental birthplace ) and eight comparative data sets Extract Ararat North Syunik K bakh Iranian West Turkey .
Sometimes I watch television here and the camera man asks some Americans where Canada is , most dont even know .
Deport all Indians back to India and make them pay for the trip .
I would love to see a video of Somalis blown apart with a torpedo and see bodies and scrap metal fly hundreds of feet into the air .
Dreaming of a Future World ( Full Version ) - YouTube Dr William Pierce .
The video about the `` Day of honour '' , is really cool .
No if anything it shows that genes play important part in how we behave .
Yeah I knew about the cheap houses in Springfield area but not that dang cheap as 9K thats why I asked .
88 - Jim
Remember people it is our DUTY to spread Dr. Dukes excellent videos far and wide .
I heard that the phenomena of scalping came about during this war .
That is about as cheap and low as I 've seen it around here , your task is so transparent as to be laughable .
Blacks can shoot , funny thing is they only seem to be able to hit the little innocent law abiding child , walking home from church to help take of their sick mother .
I am willing to attend , support and protect Mr. Taylor 's event and his freedom of speech anywhere close to Michigan
SUOMALAINEN ÄÄNESTÄ KANSALLISMIELISIÄ KOSKA NYT VIEDÄÄN VIIMEISIÄ !!
The are quite frankly nothing now .
And still water ends up on the top and oil on the bottom .
Nothing was in jepordy this year and furguson cause black friday gun sales to be beyond a democrat getting elected .
they act as if negros with aids should have the right to reproduce when they will die off and have no way to take care of the kid I cant believe that they are doing this by the millions its crazy
so they even IDOLIZE a convicted Pedophile and Murderer -- convicted in a public trial -- and established an organization to shield pedophiles and child killers from further scrutiny of American law
YouTube can be a huge help in learning how to start primitive fires and learning how to gut animals and fish .
Bomber-Bike Project at 20 .
Our brothers & sisters in SA must stand their ground because they have earned through the blood and sweat of their ancestors .
I found it strange the way the police handled this case , they told her father and his friends to search the house for her , all those people wandering around the house contaminating all the evidence , that 's hardly good police procedure .
Look at it this way : Most goths/emos/punks are white .
It was written for schoolchildren about 100 years ago , but I like it .
They want to a mixed population since they know that mixed populations have NO center around to rebel .
We have to kill off all of the Whites so we can go back to eating cow dung ! "
Aye , warriour of Éire . . . whether you would like fadas for Irish Gæilge , e.g. , é , í , ó and the like , or Scottish Gælick , e.g. , ì , ò , è , é , í , à , ù and the like . . . try such , lad : I. Start Menu to All Programs to Accessouries to System Tools to Litrichean ( I canæ re-call of what Litrichean tis called in English for my computer is in Gàidhlig , but tis Script Lettres , Characters or the like , I reckon. )
Holocaust Survivor Tells Her Story - YouTube It 's from this channel https : //www.youtube.com/channel/UCML ... wgbpH7gn _ vebtw
I see a nation where I can walk out my front door and not feel like a minority in my own country .
Queens78322, I am on my way to meet with a few member of National Alliance and I will present your speech to them .
That is when you take out your phone and take pictures of them .
I think there are some great Country and Western songs about or related to driving trucks .
They wo n't talk to me anymore and I wo n't go to church with them anymore .
See the threads : Over 1800 gathered to honour Daniel !
I have just added Treblinka : By Carlo Mattogno , Extermination Camp or Transit Camp ?
Good.
State Sanctioned racist murder of white farmers in South Africa FULL SCREEN BEST www.youtube.com/watch ? v = SKG72AviEFw
What are the major fish and game species of the region ?
Never buy from stores that hire minorities over whites if at all possible .
But maybe she was just mistaken .
Just for the record is this the same Journalist that wrote the article a few weeks ago telling us to mongrelise ?
Adjustable rear sight , orange target insert in the front sight , modified cylinder .
My ancestors who had the good sense and foresight to come and build America .
INTJ Introvert ( 78 % ) iNtuitive ( 38 % ) iNtuitive Thinking ( 100 % ) Judging ( 56 % ) I find the descriptions of they give to be fairly accurate regarding myself .
( My mom has blue eyes and my dad has green eyes , so I got his eyes. )
It might have been a good film but Cruise really stunk as the German officer .
A lot of white women are trying to create danger by drawing these other people into our countries .
I notice that on television , almost EVERY time I see a judge it is a negro ... this is simply not coincidence .
Although I still support all WN movements from there ...
i checked other. i saw the VH1 documentary `` Music of Hate '' and heard Nordic Thunder in the backround. i thought it sounded cool and downloaded some of their songs and in the info on it was the national alliance website and david duke 's EURO. i dived into the movement head first and eventually found creativity
2508
Yes but difference is that Putin is still in charge and Jews have to behave , while on other picture Jewess Albright is in charge and is there to give orders to Ukraine , so you ca n't really compare .
Blacks seem to be hell bent on embarrassing themselves and acting like animals everywhere they go .. this is pretty typical behaviour ..
I dont want to argue but will you nordicists ever stop claiming that blondism in the rest Europe only comes from your lands ?
im new on here and was just wanderin if any ladies are intrested i a good oel southernman from tennessee send me a messege .
Does this not show how stupid these folks can be ?
Itt a legtobb Kanadai anti-rasszista , aki meg nem , az fel kimondani az erzelmeit , mert ez sajnos a multikulturalizmus oraszaga .
SA is a model for the World .
I mean blacks whine that NASCAR is racist .
My Kansas ancestors got by during the Great Depression without eating cow dung , and everything was covered in dust then .
Those visionary and responsible negroes ...
Great news that in numbers we can accomplish everything , and anything .
It has everything to do with RACE .
When `` Kursk '' was sunken in august of 2000, we all heard during the first days , that the radio link with sub is already established , as well as oxygen sypply link .
Peter the Great .
Hope you have a great day my friend and have pint or two on me !!
Ohio in general looks to be in bad shape .
$ 25,
000 !
It was very nice meeting all of you for lunch .
Can you say Big Brother .
If we do n't act soon they will bread us out .
2508
Well we wo n't stand for that no more !
Do liberal and feminist parents actually choose colleges for their children based on them ?
I'm pretty sure the average black is stronger then those white men that date asians or the ones who let their wives take control of the household .
All that stuff makes for Good TV ........ The shows Great and keep you on Pins and Needles .
Get out the vomit bags !
There are a few big name books used in many colleges .
Truckers Music - YouTube Trucker Song by band Head Hands and Feet ( southern rock I guess ) with lots of beautiful pictures and beautiful women !
There are 150K or so on SF and the other hundreds of millions just walk thru life with blinders on .
It was only a matter of time before it hit the U.S. and Europe .
I do n't have a problem with English working or living in Ireland , maybe it was your personality that was the problem .
Moby Extreme Ways ( The Bourne Clip ) - YouTube
We should all know by now who hates Christains more than anyone else .
A beautiful and very proper Czech Christmas song featuring the great Marta Kubisova who was silenced for standing up to communists in 1971 .
Liberals will have you believe it is so they can blame Whitey but it 's all such a mixed hell hole , all that breeding with arabs ....
I think this is the video I was talking about earlier , make 's me grateful for our ' micro-ghettos `` out here.This guy keeps driving for miles and miles .
There is no other country on Earth with a demographic makeup like the US , so an apt caparison is impossible .
Lords of the Planet , the Solar System and the Beyond .
You should always check things like that out before taking it as the truth .
But who knows ?
I wonder if this is the taste of what 's to come to all of Europe in a couple of decades .
Many nazis just sit on their asses , drink beer and watch TV .
Apparently , she has taken her suffering and used it to help other white people .
http: //users.erols.com/interlac/corres.htm Check out these schools , most offer high school level courses for credit if the school will accept them you will have to check .
Welcome to the front lines ...
They bred with inferiors creating these mongrels
Then the Mother rings the dinner bell on the porch .
Annihilate, you have been told that you are only welcome to post in general rants for time being .
How about a tactical pen ?
a nice kick to the nuts will always work I find it a dirty move to kick another man in the knackers but after all .. a black does n't equate to the same standard
Welcome to reality !
Many Asians will see something once and memorize it the rest of their lives , but when asked ' how ' it works or use it creatively , they draw a blank .
This is a board for mature people - who are free to join or leave/return at any moment .
Your history teacher has to do what the zionist butt heads want them to do .
I had it restrung a couple years ago but have n't taken it out since .
Great idea will see how that goes for crime stats
There is also an entire forum dedicated to this concept as well at the F & F Forum www.folkandfaith.com/invisionboard US & European Alternatives Regards - FNF !
I have not head much more about it since .
They can be downloaded from these sites : www.solargeneral.com www.natvan.com www.ncoal.com
Stupid White Man makes vacation get away in living room .
Agent Bulldog ( Sweden ) - Oi !
I was here before and thought I saw a chat room a year ago .
I 'm a brand new member from the South JErsey area .
Hi guys I am thinking of going to Katowice at the weekend .
Yep, all junk .
Are there any normal people left ?
Gambit denied .
Really?
**** off bulgar turkic peice of * * * * and * * * * ustasha KOSOVO belongs to SERBİA get used to it however much you hate serbs , also by the way Makedonia belongs to Greece not bulgayria
And those of you who havent put your logins on there you should .
Please comment .
dancing Armenians , if sombody can find any non white Armenian , i bid i 'll eat yelow pages without cooking !
I could go on for hours pointing out your wigger flaws but im not even gonna waste my time .
I've been through Utah once .
Note no mention of part four .
Kamerad
I think we can learn from the mistakes of the past.No one is perfect so no one can have total power .
You need an extensive background check and references .
You know the more they talk gun control , the more people go buy .
Along with John Bardeen and Walter Houser Brattain , Shockley co-invented the transistor , for which all three were awarded the 1956 Nobel Prize in Physics .
I can picture the headlines on Detroit is Crap .
I do n't even like buying cartons of juice !
Charlton Heston is rolling over in his grave knowing an ape has been elected to the white house .
Only the future will determine which plan can be used to bring our race out of its current predicament .
I'm off out to a metal show , this is what my knees looked like after the last death metal show i went too ...
Only a few small edits have occurred since the last bump for this article .
Stay White , Stay Healthy For The Fight
But `` Radio Shanson '' somehow poisoned the minds of almost all `` marshrutka '' drivers in all big Russian cities .
As the saying goes , you can take the ape out of the jungle , but you ca n't take the jungle out of the ape .
DO you guys still attend school or how old r ya ? just want to put it into perspective since i am the only one who dresses like a skin at my school ... i think
How are you a White Nationalist when you support the foreign occupation of a white country ?
Somali Turkish Bosnian Colombian ( eye shape indicates Native American ancestry ) Albanian Moroccan Tunisian Thai Syrian refugees arrive Turkish group in Iserlohn , NRW First multireligious ( Christian-Jewish-Muslim ) religious building in Berlin http: //www.pi-news.net/2014/06/berli ... gioese-kirche/
We are not filled with all the hate that the jewish media tells the lemmings we are .
And the sad thing is the white students at those schools will act like that too .
Save Ireland has a job he works for MSI are you saying their is a more important job than trying to stop the Immigration invasion into Ireland ?
Hispanic: A woman threw her 2 1/2-year-old granddaughter several stories to her death from a walkway at a shopping mall http: //www.news4jax.com/video/25962136/index.html negro : -- Police arrested a 17-year-old who they said burglarized a home over the Thanksgiving weekend .
theres this girl at my school and she is really tall and she is the darkes * * * * * * ive ever saw and she sat by me and i moved too the next table and she had a bag of cookies and she could not open it so she was trying to open with her teeth like a dog slaping it back in foruth finlly this white trash girl opened with her mouth then she had the nerve to spit on a white girl and thegirl did nothing but smile and then this mixed kid had the neve to ask me out i told him no and go to hell. this was my day at school suced huh. hope you tyep back sorry for spelling .
* Le me searching le webs for info about le ongoing crisis in this thread .
Brother You remind Me of a Young Meatloaf !
This is awful .. complain to the teachers about lying to students ( then again , you do n't want your kids kicked out ) .
White Power Brother !
Two days , two perps killed .
Well Marco is a German patriot and musician who , in the sick minds of ZOG , committed the heinious crime of producing music for a local school .
I wonder if we will have to wait until the trial for a photo .
Whenever I went anywhere little kids would come up to me and ask if I was Hitler .
Can we count you in ?
Glad some people still opened their homes and let kids trick or treat , even with the usual DieVersity infesting the area .
I have green eyes as well , but mine have a blue ring around the outside .
Non-whites are looking out for their own interests , race traitors are an enemy by choice and choose to unite with enemies and not whites .
My sympathies to all of you .
I have been trying to find a job but the mexicans take everything we had .
I assume we have the concept that those who are themselves not in a PLE might be willing to invest in one .
I wonder what it 's going to be like if the Big Chimpout of 2014 really happens .
White pride worldwide ! 3033
Handyman admits to killing at least 8 Mass. women Bookmark this story for the next time some ignorant apologist for Negro crime claims that only white men are serial killers .
things u put on yer teeth just kidding ... seen guys with those things that suppose to hold up pants ? theyre red or white ? and theyre not belts. welcome to skinhead charades .
In BB .
One knows it 's a large number , that 's for sure !
Seems to me they are in precipitous decline .
I wonder if this guy still thinks the Jews are a good thing after the Jews just tried to start a war between NATO and Russia ?
:stupid The liberals and communists of all shades can relax and take it easy .
Meh..
This is precisely the frustration that brings any White person round to white nationalism , so obviously you are in exactly the right place .
If I go to the east ill definitely go to budapest , feel free to pm me if you want to meet up .
i will try to post accurate pictures of those people who have familiar faces among our nation and stop posting a female and male photo models .
Yeah.
Did you note all the info on Israel ?
It is cool enough that you 're happy about your Nationality , it is not that this talk is about , so relax , comrade !!
Maybe spread some HATE and intolerance ?
I was basically a babysitter , and the apes went nuts , and frankly , I could not control them and had to press the panic button twice to get someone to help me .
Careful what you laugh at .
I think this member meant this for stress relief .
I heard from friends in Boston this is true.Blacks will attack an Irish America with a shamrock tattoo.How long before this happens in Ireland ?
Clearly there is a need for more alternative media in this country .
`` Small '' arms are n't always light weight .
20 + is needed .
I came across this site which I thought might be of interest to anyone who plans on setting up a community http: //www.dancingrabbit.org/index.html Their not WN I know but we can still learn from them I think .
Is there evidence to support/oppose this ?
Good luck !
Is that overweight fat useless bitch blind ?
Who said we invented literally EVERYTHING useful ?
Hi there people how are you , i came on here a few years ago and for some reason didnt back on lol. so anyway i hope your all well ,
It was alot busier Saturday and Sunday .
The first thing I thought was `` he does lots of meth '' .
Keep hearing how wonderful he was and someone even likened him to Christ !!
Being a smaller country , Ireland will quicker fill up with ethnic scum .
Guys ( and gals ) , just wanted to say : there are few things more entertaining than watching you do another arrogant negro poster .
By the time I was growing up in the 2000s and early 2010s the area was already mixed and a few shops closed down .
I have n't been able to finish watching even one of these videos .
So do I. The small dogs like those maltese and things we call stoep kakkers , because all they are good for is leaving turds on your stoop .
Mexicans are real prone to diabetes and I want to help them get to Hell as soon as possible .
People in my circle of acquaintances are a bit obsessed with IQ .
the only way we can win is by opening the eyes of all whites and we cant do it softly can we ?
Crippin nigga .
Nothing quite like watching stupid white people in action .
He is a hero of mine .
Hello Oleg If I did not know I would have thought it is a picture of one of our boer families here in south africa : - ) regards joe
- Pioneer Little Europe ( PLE ) Didnt anybody teach you ?
Trust me they can be defeated .
YouTube - & #x202a ; Police Brutality In Jamaica Caught On Tape Disturbing Footage Of Police Killing Man Cold Blooded Terribel & #x202c ; & rlm ; It 's just the way blacks react ...
They do n't like cold weather that much either i hear ! , so that would explain Iceland 's purity.Lets hope global warming is not for real so !
Bighorn - YouTube First Run in Whitefish - Montana - Skifahren in den Rockies mit skiStern.de - Skireisen und mehr ...
www.cofo.edu Franciscan University of Steubenville , Steubenville , Ohio www.franuniv.edu Grove City College , Grove City , Pa.
Amen brother ..... you did say it like you been there ... they talk crap and if you show fear they 'll be on ya fast .
I know somebody who wants to perhaps move to Alberta but is wondering if they have the homo agenda in the schools there .
Lying Marxists !
This information was denied by the protesters in the Administration building .
1st video , there are more non-whites than just the black girl 2nd video the white guy and asian girl both wear red shirts to create that subconscious association .
Well what I got to hear of it was pretty cool .
Not an answer I 'd expect from a mod .
I had never even heard of Stormfront until the night I found it and joined .
Hello Direland2006 and welcome to SF .
Too lazy to make a proper rage comic .
Am I still welcome here ?
but if a guy cant do damage one can argue the guy on the bottom is controlling with the threat of submission or reversal .
I'm sure the Jews in Scandinavia dumb down the education systems there too .
Is it out of fear ?
But then I 'm half German and half German so I try to be accepting of other people with mixed backgrounds like myself .
And if we had just a few hundred more people on this data base thread , we would have those open PLEs by now .
I retract - always .... Always because an animal lacks the skills to properly raise a ( half ) human child .
It's just the stupid ones who are copying Miley Cyrus like the one who caught on fire .
Ordered a copy the other day , cannot wait to settle down for a good read in front of the fire here .
Some people are really weird in their thinking Have you been to Bullhead , Az ?
For example , almost all the 12 year olds last year dressed up a `` Wiggers '' , `` Whores '' , or `` Pimps '' for Halloween !
People from whole Europe come here for that .
why do you white nationalist try to spread fear in blacks saying that the jews do not care for them. jews are the reason affirmative action is in place which allows us to take your jobs. jews are the reason so many blacks have become rich including myself. so why do you think their just using us ? jews are your enemy and so are we so what you feel you need to do is make your enemy against each other. is that right. you want blacks against the jews. well guess what , not goinna happen. the jews needs blacks as much as blacks need the jews and together they are a force to be recon with .
To spend years and years in Prison for pray painting something on someones house is just not right !
going to the show over in the third district on saturday im trying to go but probly will need a ride home thanks
Ironic that they would consider those from Iceland as Germanic when people from Iceland have a 50 % blood link with Ireland due to the Viking slave trade .
Do you mean this one ?
Hope he 'll stop all the foreign aid and fund the military more .
The black kid is separating the white boy and girl .
Hope this helps. .
People in Europe have nothing .
damn! at least that sounds more plausable than a stupid sea. maybe look on ebay ??? are u sure there is none left ???
Pinkerton security guards used rock salt in shotguns on trespassers in Ohio , they shot a neighbor of mine with it during the mid 1970 's .
Sounds like paradise to me .
I miss my mark if the movie Jack London was n't shown at the The Jack London Literary Prize Banquet .
Gonna have to do it as soon as I can .
In Britain ..
Everyone I have spoken to is opposed to multiculturalism and not ONE party in Ireland will do anything about it or listen to people .
But may You always love each other the way You have loved each other today .
How can anyone teach or discuss past events leaving out a race people responsible for the majority of strife amongst Europeans .
Good back up because you just never know .
I could almost see myself in that video ...
I plan on making a trip to Kalispell in early August .
I will say I love God as much as I like .
The reason for this persecution ?
Whites should not be forced in atheistic view in-kind .
Was .
I see all of your goals being accomplished , especially finding a girl to settle down with .
A really good teacher or tutor could have implemented BOTH the interest and the subject into problems .
I find it kind of funny that they include no women in that picture. perhaps they didnt realize women are integral to a nation. otherwise i think its a great idea and wish them best of luck .
I just pray I do not have to take anymore of her courses .
America: 25 percent of American students pass their geography America : 25 percent of American students pass their geography `` Speak for Change
One thing you seemingly cannot grasp--that JEWS themselves are messiah , and their kingdom is earthly .
God save her .
Has anyone ever tried to get one of these ads on talk radio ?
I would not even use anything that man says winston churchill is the reason we are in this mess in the first place the bastard should have been shot
It 's been sitting the shelf for a while and I plan to read a chapter every evening .
Who else here is `` THAT '' house on the block ?
I cant stand corruption at any level .
I believe it started to become cooler not long after they arrived but the Nordic settlement was in fact expanding ( to the north ) until they encountered the Inuits .
I stumbled n this by accident Absolute savages and yet you will have all the liberal women saying how great multiculturalism is and we are all the same Le TÃ © lÃ © gramme - France - Montpellier ( 34 ) .
Look at these pictures .
Not one of them answered him properly !
Did anyone realize what I said in my post about my daddy shooting me with my hand on the dial of a MTV station was a JOKE ???? 88 Crissy
It`s hard to believe anyone except the people you know or your own eyes .
You say Bloeslaw Chrobry ; in Croatian we would say Boleslav Hrabri .
Visit http: //HolocaustHandbooks.com today
It figures that the leftist mob that the media supports created all the violence .
Thanks !
Good for you , that is not usually what happens and has nothing to do in the modern age regarding 14 year old girls
I watched the video and my observations are that the music has very little in common with bulgarian .
The image is tainted and was bad to begin with .
Yeah, I saw that news segment about the mixed race couple who lost their home because of the mudslide .
So , a `` high and tight '' will suffice .
Lass
Have you heard of Ajattara Barth ?
Eventually we wo n't be able to tell who is who. this is all sad .
Just saw this one in Palm Springs ....
Shotgun 's original owner died in 1920, President Davis ' personal military courier .
Maybe we could get together !
Now I watch no TV at all .
let me say it like this : I HATE SCHOOL , I HATE LEARNING AND I HATE READING .
Man apprehended in killing of ex-girlfriend in suburban West Palm Beach
YouTube - Good Night to Fed Ex
Major chimp-out at hip hop awards .
See her in other pictures and you will see how she is a typical slavic .
Got rid of a semi custom 1911 because every time it rained or work or i sweated i had to clean it or in a few days rust would show up .
She may or may not be a Jew but she 's certainly stupid , she seems to think the Blacks wo n't kill her alongside every other White they can get their dirty hands on , what a muppet !
Thank you for posting this ! this disgusting lie will hopefully one day be addressed and corrected , at that point I would hope the world will see the Jews for what they really are .
The capacity is lower .
Before I became a Christian when I was a big fan of heavy metal I liked Old lead singer of Gathering Old female singer of Tristania ( my favorite ) 80 's pop was all pretty good too Cyndi Lauper Sanda Kim Wilde
The gay issue is practically non-existent in Romania , even though the local gay NGO organizes a yearly `` pride parade '' in Bucharest .
If thats where we are heading then its a sad future indeed .
im with you here I see it day in day out like everyone else its easy to sit back and watch but together we are strong and its good to be with like minded people
People who utter such garbage such get a brain transplant .
I'm from Riverside , but my Gf lives in San Diego .. so i 'm down there a couple of times a week Welcome to StormFront , Sister .
A few Mestizos but the main heroes were white .
The Government are now judging if they should be granted permanent residency .
Hi i have not been on here in ages .
The whites are more in the range of 4.8 million .
Sounds interesting , thanks for posting it .
I'm taking my College funds and using them to start a self sufficient farm .
Only in Africa ...
Looked it up on amazon .
The reasons : Alcoholism takes around 150000 lives every year .
I don`t listen radio at all .
I 'd prefer to put them in one place before shipping them home .
5. length of school day/school year 5 days a week .
Sqwincher - Sports Drink - Isotonic Beverage Sqwincher mixes with water also , it is usually found at workwear or welding shops and is aimed at the construction market instead of athletes .
Send me a PM if you 're going .
LOL, ye she is gorgeous and a great talent as well .
I know its like a hide and go seek game this white flight stuff .
I'm 22 years of age and I plan to have 3-4 kids but I do n't feel I can be a father now , I will start have my kids around age 27 .
You are not worth my time kid so this is the last answer you will get from me because you are now on my ignore list as are the rest of the losers that stayed with jenkins .
OK I get you dont like to talk bad about the jew. btw I said Kapo 's
I love listening to their stories of how things used to be .
Is it possible that we developed an alcohol tolerance as a way to conquer other tribes ?
I was in the Taiwan airport and the whole plane was East Indian .
Aw he was going to send the money back to his niglet family in nigeria ...
uh the thread is about how i am never going to find a guy because i am way too picky lol
I was actually scared a few times .
If you look at an Alaskan malamute and a timber wolf that are two different species , they look a lot more alike than say a Congolese and a Swede .
The Jew represents the snake .
The Neolithic farmers who migrated into Europe originated in Anatolia .
A Black Father taking care of his kids ?
Yea that will work .
If all of this was true, you would not be beaten in every battle in I , II Balkan war and in WWI by us .
Billy - `` That guy would n't leave me alone , so I gave him the Trudeau salute . ''
Wow, in just two hours you found your white knight .
With Black girls it takes a baseball bat - who carries a mu-ff' in baseball bat on a date ??
And no of course you not going to lay down and let them do what they please .
The French N.B communities near Quebec especially would be white to .
It is hard to say what is going to happen however one way or the other I think Whites in South Africa should get out of the country and try to make it to a safer location such as Canada or Australia .
Nothing special , just a brand spanking new word for me .
-12oz
It was great to see some new faces come out to one of our recent events and we are looking forward to seeing everyone that has been consistently coming to our weekly meets and those who are going to be coming out for the first time .
The amount of the Armenians chromosome haplotypes are closer to the England one .
It seems fairly accurate to me .
and the Poles decide to up and leave therefore devastating the Irish economy as every man and his dog are telling us what are the potential ramifications for our welfare scrounging visitors from far ashore ?
They all look nonwhite , look closer .
If monkeys are on my property i call animal control and defend my family and property with whatever means possible , simply talking sense to a monkey and pointing at it will not stop it from misbehaving !
This is a sickening trend , even in countries like mine where there are not many Negroes they do this and all because of the sickening media brainwashing .
I want to see Whites bused in there until the Latinos are a 30 % minority and not outnumbering the Asians , Blacks and Whites .
Yes a globe is round , and for centuries those round globes did not have a `` Belarus '' on them .
It always screamed to me `` Grow up ! ''
Mixed martial arts is generally considered mixing Western and Asian arts together .
It contradicts his statement that races dont exist .
Seems like a cowardly way to fight .
And these words of wisdom come from a man that thinks another mans anus as well as his own was made to be used as a vagina :
Gave away all my .38Spl , as my .38 is actually chambered for .38Long.
Just came from that nonsense posting Did my part .
Not this again . As far as I 'm concerned , it 's just a photo of inmates burning clothes of typhus victims , not corpses .
so is tom still rambling on about putting up machine guns in the city centre ? lol and that sites great al making all wn look like terrorists.so tell us all of some of the irms activism so far ?
A pile of burned offerings .
They do crank ?
I'm waiting on a new computer so i will scan some in next week when photoshop is reisntalled ...
Just be patient and go slow .
Our herp vet is gone til the middle of April , I ca n't wait to get her in and have her checked out .
Ive got nothing against it but i prefer one .
Ha.
Robert Steuckers and Dr. David Duke Gunther Van Den Eynde en Dr. David Duke Euro-Rus 2008 !
Do they expect us to go out and welcome these leeches on our society with open arms. they should give them zyklon b for lunch , thad would help the suitation !!!
I had a good time with my kid .
I'm going to have to sit down here and start replying to a lot of posts I have been missing here , when I have the time .
I've gotten fatter over the years .
Do you not think all the talk about Russians should be put on a thread of that theme ?
In a 72 hour scenario you dont need food .
You went there .
I know what you mean .
I like them .
I'm glad you realized it .
Yes and if I were a jewish-supremacist I 'd want it that way , too .
Welcome to Stormfront .
My scientist can beat the living life out of your scientist on any day .
YouTube - Odysseus ' Way by Dr. William L. Pierce ( Part 1 of 3 ) YouTube - Odysseus ' Way by Dr. William L. Pierce ( Part 2 of 3 ) YouTube - Odysseus ' Way by Dr. William L. Pierce ( Part 3 of 3 )
Call ( 281 ) -973-0420 now !
Welfare .
Sometimes I do watch shows about WWII on the History channel but other than that I never watch it .
I have no idea .
I went to max for my crimes being of a violent and racial nature , i went to super max for violence within that maximum unit. there are people in Super maxs who only have a few years to do , it just all depends .
Guess where you fit in ?
It became that way because years and years ago , joe louis ran a camp for ghetto kids there .
The last major case I remember was another gang of Asians .
I would have jumped at the chance to get a gun for my birthday .
Here is where she was going to be out on the streets , last year : https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t1008885/
And then there is the pesticides on your fresh ( ? ) fruit and veggies .
Nordic is a sub race that an Anglo Saxon or Celtic person could and more than likely does belong to .
Agree with Barrrytheanglosaxon with many points ... Oh !
White, I agree with some of your points but also not with others .
Would you have been arrested if you shot them/killed them on your own property ?
I have a feeling though that propaganda photos like these will have the reverse of the desired effect .
I'd rather do that than just pack up and leave my country .
I detest chap stick .
Should be locked up for this , wonder how long he 'll end up serving , maybe a week if we are lucky in this country .
2508
MY best mate has this problem and it makes me sad its like he is scared but i cant do anything the more i go on with it the more he gets sick of it.So i think dont force it on them that may turn them away however hard it is to sit there and listen to them say `` i dont care ''
We dont go telling members to run they have to come to us and ask .
They ca n't survive without us , but they do us nothing but harm .
I never let my kids drink store bought cow 's milk because of the massive amount of stuff they give diary cows to up the milk output .
Unfortunately rich kids always get their way , I say you just ignore the kid during the summer get back at him that always works .
Y' all have a nice day .
These high school curriculums are more about encouraging white girls to hate white males , not other males .
Seriously it is .
Their aggressiveness is a massive reason for their ' success ' .
Thank you for everything ...
II .
I'd like to see a report on the unemployment rates and other such things across the UK , compared with places with the highest numbers of immigrants .
I have n't seen it yet but I can tell you hand on heart not everyone on Benefits is scrounging scum .
In this day and age this is possible ...
Justin Trudeau Behaving Like a Child ` I saw him stick his tongue out ' : Trudeau accused of ` childish behaviour ' in House of Commons | Globalnews.ca .
They make you want to go out and reach people .
Never leave your children unguarded !
`` Well , since you guys are n't drinking beer , I suppose I wo n't either ... ''
We dont really have any Blacks in our schools round here ....
I'm actually a big fan of Subway but I always laugh when I read this .
Look who her partner was : Steve Hamilton
The whites and the asians evoluated , and the blacks are still behind .
Deliberately trying to eliminate an identifiable group is an attempt to commit geNOcide under the Law of Common Sense .
But that is why I belong and support Stormfront .
I would think most girls would like to dress and look nice for their man anyways .
Black males are put on pedestal by the media - white women love them , sports heroes , rappers with all the `` bling '' .
We MUST .. stand together This dived and conqer bullcrap has got to end .... now !
I stayed up all night cause of this debate .
Justin Butler ,
28, and Briana Adams ,
21 ( coalburner ) , each face a criminal abuse charge after police say the couple 's infant child was found with six healing rib fractures and a broken femur http: //www.lex18.com/news/couple-fac ... with-injuries/
im not in history this year. cant really talk about last year cause i forgot most of it by now and what i do remember would be biased cause i didnt join national socialism until coupla months ago , and i dont even know if you could really say i joined. not like u fill out a form or something .
This filth is a sectarian British song not an Irish folk song the sort of scum who wrote and admire this filth have no place on a WN forum yet alone an Irish forum
There were never more than a few hundred people attending this parade , many of them non-Romanian gays arrived from Western Europe .
I dont watch TV other than to watch sport ( Rugby , Soccer and CVricket ) and occasionally a movie , i 'd probally watct more than 5 hours a week though !
Hmm... let 's try again , viewing by number of asylum seekers per 1,
000 population .
Mr Irving played a fundamental role in my own journey through Holocaust revision and for that he will always have my gratitude .
For most of the service jobs you definatly have to speak Danish well .
Look forward to seeing you all again
When I have the money , I wants it
Awesome band back in the day !
Click below for a FREE download of a colorfully illustrated 132 page e-book on the Zionist-engineered INTENTIONAL destruction of Western civilization .
Is this the one who broke out of six different concentration camps as a child and swam 200 miles upstream in the icy Danube River ?
Hail The Imperium !
... Why is Flint so violent ?
I enjoy outdoor sports , although I never went fishing before .
I sat there for 5 minutes and then took the dog for a walk .
Anyway i look forward to posting my veiws here freely and also look forward to hearing all of yours to .
I was recently in Zaporojie , Ukraine , which has a famous Cossack enclave , where I had the opportunity to dine at a Cossack restaurant and listen to traditional Cossack music played live .
There is no Planet X. Let 's stop talking about it before we start looking like crazies .
Saga is good too , I like any of her stuff that I 've heard , although I hear she is n't too popular with some of the people in the movement in her own country ...
Charles Burton Barber .
Now , if you have an old beater to play with ....
Alot of blue missing but it always goes bang and fits in my pants pocket better than my Taurus tip up .
It just shows how superior Atlantic Canada is .
I guess everyone is doing Glacier this weekend .
Check out our web site at www.anu.org.
Rouse - The Redpilled Blues - YouTube Rouse - Not Our Own - YouTube Pale White Skin - Hey There Europa - YouTube Sir Antiblack - A Race War - YouTube Amazon ( ( ( Echoes ) ) ) - YouTube
Seems to me that aluminum is lighter , softer , more prone to distortion , and creates more friction , as well as corroding more easily .
Thanks!
It tells you that the grand wizards in the oil kingdom are playing these folks for fools to help line their own pockets , and sadly , they 're succeeding .
Been a nationalist for ages so a few days ago i decided to pull me finger out and sign up .
I guess the term `` blond '' is somewhat subjective , but to a Swede the vast majority of Spaniards are brunettes .
The sheer disrespect of just standing there and making her clean up their mess , and laughing about it .
Anyways WELCOME !
Helll , last time I looked wetbacks were streaming across like it was free greencard day .
I think a lot of black males become conceited by this .
Did you know that chef Jamie Oliver , the Essex boy is part black ?
Forsetinn segir það hafa sent mikilvæg skilaboð til annarra þjóða að Íslendingar skyldu styðja sjálfsstæðisyfirlýsinguna .
I think Casablanca and Gone With The Wind are horrible movies and that The Sound Of Music is one of the most annoying things ever put to film .
Ask a friend ?
Sometimes I wonder if it is Because Whites are so much smarter that they find it harder to run together , as opposed to , independently .
https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t111114 / https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t108388 / https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/showthread.php ? t = 108610 https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t108427 / Make this a great VValentines Day for our movement GOOD LUCK TO ALL WHO WILL BE PASSING OUT THE FLYRES http://www.whitefreespeech.com/sub/i...fleaflets.html
****ty for me I just moved here 5 weeks ago , I 'm getting turned down left and right when i look for work
BLACK Man MURDERS 15 Year Old WHITE GIRL In Her BEDROOM - YouTube ZAKESHIA CAUGHT IT ON TAPE - YouTube Young white girl killed by black man she met online - YouTube http: //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = fQPaZvlq4xQ & feature = endscreen & NR = 1 Ashley Taylor talks of being attacked on live TV - YouTube
I cant stand this guy and hate it when i meet whites and they say how funny they think he is o.k. take away the anti white jokes for a minute the guy just aint funny at all it just blows my mind how they have some talentless black fool in films but you will never see a untalented white basketball player .
Negro rainforest `` music ''.
You should check it out .
The thing is you may base your beliefs on claims and assertions , but nowadays Oxford University Professors tend to base their findings on many years of dedicated research .
Lighten up people .
Great link .
Oh dear , Full on white genocide right there .
Again , I appreciate the contributions to this thread , but videos like this have no value here .
I have bookmarked the site and will check up on it often .
Explain how liberals are liars and anti-White and tell her about crime statistics .
Rosanna Davison I think is her name .
Neither one is better than the other .
I would n't marry a asian even after cirurgy .
That and the fact he was one of the self-chosen , so according to their teachings he is allowed to do anything he wants to the Goyim .
That way your always one step ahead of the game !!
Saul Kassin : `` False confessions '' https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = JDRRwFfJKkw The Vera Institute of Justice 's Neil A. Weiner Research Department Speaker Series presents Saul Kassin , Distinguished Professor of Psychology at John Jay College of Criminal Justice .
So I guess you 'll just have to go to the Canadian Prime Minister and ask him to declare you Emperor and step down , or something ?
They said that they chose that name because they are proud of the crossbreeding http: //www.scpf.com/
This is another tool that you will need not that im a expert god knows I only have that ged to fall back on .
Here 's a salute from Bulgaria to all comrades : http: //zazz.bg/play : cf3bf803
They were stopped by army patrols .
Is it where they grade you based on how cultural marxist you are or do they allow people their own views ?
The reason for the high living expenses is of course the influx of hundreds of thousands of non-whites to the city .
Few more pictures from Slovenia https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... & postcount = 196 https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... & postcount = 197 https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... & postcount = 206 https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... & postcount = 207
Hi, I am in Nor Cal and there are many other like minded people here too .
Those men were obviously so brave and fierce that they instill fear in their commie enemies even when they are dead .
http: //www.eurorus.org/
EU apology for ' racist ' pro-diversity ad - YouTube
Stocking up on canned goods is still a top priority .
I'm not a skin ... although my head has been shaved a few times !
i would move to surrey just outside Kingston upon Thames ok Kingston is infested but outer areas are not too bad inner London is just a joke
All the Whites I know watch negro sports and wear their sports gear .
Ahead of their time , as you said Canada day is not about whites and their progeny who founded this nation anymore .
This jew idiot is spewing nothing but propaganda .
As long as you do n't do that , they ca n't accuse you of misusing company time , or creating a hostile work environment
If we each spend three hours on this we will be the talk of all of the news stations .
Most adult anime comes with bright stickers indicating `` adults only '' .
50 shades of brown
I do n't know if the person that said that ever leaves the house , but all I ever see are black guys and Mexicans everywhere .
I am within an hour from Saskatoon .
We are so excited about this baby .
A few weeks ago i started looking into doing that and have got a few pictures and LOADS of mobile numbers so far , reds are just SO naive !
Zdrowie !
This is from Stormfront 's Advanced Scout forum which is solely devoted to promoting PLE - and its local militant front Legionism .
Yes, I have very rarely seen Scandinavian-looking people with brown eyes .
I 've pointed that out to `` believers '' and I 'm invariably accused of being called a `` naziwhowantstokillsixmillionjews . ''
The next time I see her on TV3 bitching about the latest immigrant gripe i 'll * * * * ing die !
Southern tip Logging Lake Looking at Logging Mtn Southern tip Logging Lake Numa Ridge from Bowman lake ranger station Posing for a shot on the bridge across Quartz Creek to the back country campground
Just curious .
Glad to see that there are so many of us here in Wisconsin .
BLOOD PASSOVER COMPLETE ENGLISH TEXT The whole English text of `` Bloody Passover '' is online at this URL : http: //www.israelshamir.net/BLOODPASSOVER.pdfhttp://www.cwporter.com/hoffman.htm
I do not watch TV , and neither does my husband .
Researching your topic and facts is as important as compsing your essay .
2508
Check out my video below and let me know what you guys think Cheers !
You cannot judge the country and its people on those men alone .
I would much rather have either green or blue eyes which are exclusive to the White race .
i feel sorry for her if one of her daughters did die but the harsh reality is she has no connection to ireland and she must go.as a mother it is her job to protect her children in Nigeria.every Nigerian who has a problem cant come running over here
I have dark red-brown hair , but once I dyed my hair black , and it looked odd .
It went through the history of all Dracula movies and the real life Dracula !
This family that wants to complain about gays should come to San Francisco and raise some hell at these gay pride events .... a much better target ..... and these people in San Francisco openly blasphemied Christ with their parody of ' The Last Supper `` as their poster for their last event .
I also attended a Masters/PhD graduation ceremony at a major state university a few years ago - none of the CS degrees were awarded to blacks. [ a couple computer degrees went to blacks , but they were in IT with a focus on internet marketing/web-commerce
] So where are all these black computer geniuses hiding ?
Sound's like the start of a bad joke : A girl with three kid 's one white , one black and one asian walk 's into a department store .....
Yeah, i guess the one time you 're not prepared for it will be the time it goes down .
It seems anytime issues like this are highligted in the Irish Media immigrants in the long run end up staying in Ireland .
Yup and about the same level as white privilege .
Their report stated about 220,
000 people or somewhere around that figure .
I always told my boys what I was taught .
And teach her to carry it in a place she can get to it quickly .
Lol,this happened in the neighborhood I just moved out of !
Damn fine son you have there .
Check this video out SF ' we must welcome Africans with open arms they have every right to be in Ireland ' .
What causes Cholera in the first place ??
So you use the jew run media brainwashing service to give credit to soo few black people ?
10.24.2010 MONTEREY PARK , Calif. ( KABC ) -- Deputies have arrested a suspect in connection with a double murder of a couple in Hawthorne .
Prior military experience desired ,
21 years of age or more required .
Y' all have a nice day .
Those of the youth hold the future .... just listen to your old farts and young at heart 20 's and 30 's for a little advise
The idea that homeschooled kids do n't get socialized is ludicrous .
He 's listed in my friends .
I hate the term black in reference to the Niggardly kind .
Hello !
Cool.
War on Iran in February ( 1 ) ( 1/21/2012 ) In last December I learned that my brother and sisters would have a trip to India and Dubai between Feb. 2 to Feb 15,
2012 .
You can clearly see in this video they want the white women to look dumb and crazy , whille the asian man looks intelligent and content .
The famine was a planned event , to pacify a troublesome country .
Anyone who believes that Hitler 's actions were well founded and the correct actions for the situation has to also believe that white extinction is an acceptable outcome .
All you need is an orange tree or apple tree in the backyard and the orangutan will happily spend all day there .
Well I heard that the airport is in the process of implementing their new security procedures and subsequently did n't have an x-ray device or metal detector ...
My french teacher at school found one way to get us boys to concentrate , put a french woman with big boobs in front of us .
WEKU
It wo n't be long until Jewish groups like ADL , SPLC , Simon Wiesenthal Center and Search light are applying big pressure to have these videos censored .
Dunnes strikers to attend funeral - BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Lets hope these reds are n't mistaken for the usual white targets of these jungle savages !
There is no greater reason to be joyous than that .
Maybe stormfront should consider this documentation and letting other gypsy groups join or kicking hungarians out ? "
Period .
But that reminds me , Harry Potter was finally released in ebook .
I can hit a paper plate at 100 yards or hole a 5 gallon steel pail of roofing tar at 25 yards ... It is my `` brush gun '' during blackpowder deer season or when going after feral hogs .
I love her voice !
I believe it 's time for Haman to break out his private stash and start sharing with the rest of us .
"....she was a Gypsie woman ..... ", i like Black Sabbath but i dont like Gypsies .
Has anyone ever asked them about it ?
There's enough oil for a few hundred more years actually .
Foreign of course .
Hey, I live in Illinois not too far from you. i 'm always trying to find new friends and people to hang out with , some email me sometime
you want to help your race ?
A Racist is someone who loves their Race .
Growing up with our many children , the other kids of the town will follow their lead .
Production of white babies and increasing white population is a task of each white couple .
YouTube - Shoe Bombers , crotch bombers ,
9/11 and Israel
College is different because for the most part the high schoolers with attitude problems do n't go .
The cologne was under the seat .
Blue eyed Devils are really good as well .
Hundreds of people , but no blacks !
That 's a little scary .
Would it not be better to sack the black workers and employ Whites from the camps .
These two elements in your comment are quite baffling .
They have a few of their own shops , a food shop by the bus/train station and a clothes shop where they sell FUBU and other assorted gangsta rap crap .
I also have ' glass magnet ' type decorations for the patio door .
White Rage , it 's what 's for dinner !!
I found the whole UFC 1 event on youtube a while ago , was great back then no gloves and only a few rules .
Kind of says where I am coming from .
They are anything but Swedes and to be honest it is good to get rid of them .
And it ai n't your daddy 's New World Order either , more like a Jew World Order .
I was traveling today and was informed that the black slaves were trained and educated in the arts of skilled labor .
Hello Brothers and Sisters Just wanted to let you know I had ask for a user name change and they approved it .
Ariel Laurie , Israeli Soldier , Grabs Toddler in Australia Kidnaps 6 year old boy , says he 's going to put him into car trunk but mother chases him down .
I 'm im 8th grade and im 14 .
Hells bells even Al Quadia sp ? have high speed and I pods .
Go see you tube video about Z-Backscatter Vans too .
Maybe.
I 'll have to rep you for it later .
As of March 13th ,
2014, the booklet had been downloaded over 18,
300 times and counting .
Black guy stabs student , and then slices her throat in front of 30 plus students and faculty , garners barely a mention in the MSM .
If things keep going the way they are white men are going to be stuck with women that could n't get a black male .
Law & Disorder : ' Missing ' toddler found in gym bag Jacksonville police looking for a missing toddler found the child alive but stuffed in a gym bag locked in the back of a car .
Dumb dumb dumb .
- YouTube Not in Kalispell , but one of my favorite cities ...
Chicago passed New York as America 's murder capital in 2012 despite the Windy City only having a third of the Big Apple 's population .
I have not been on much for a couple days , busy at home .
they choose isolated houses away from the locals and come and go in cars at night.They don`t invite the neighbours around for a knees up ....
Cant say over the net what I do EVERY day for our cause but you can bet I do my part .
I just refer to them as primates as through THEIR evolution process they are just a little bit higher on the evolutionary chain which makes them all the more dangerous to whites , than any of their animalistic cousins .
I met and saw a lot of these teachers who worked in these all black schools and some of their horror stories .
Are you a Jew ?
Below is the `` Story of Sergey Brin '' the owner of google .
Check out this youtube channel i found , i agree with most of what he says Diversity DESTROYS Social Cohesion in the West - YouTube
Those of you that go on Craig 's List may have seen them around recently .
What I am saying is we need a homeland the western half of Canada could do for the start but I also agree Europe needs to saved as well but we have to secure a homeland here first before we could change anything on a global level .
Amongst 60 millions French citizens , you would hardly find 5 millions French without foreign ancestry ( after 1900 ) .
He should be flagged and reported. skyyjohn 's Channel - YouTube EstablishedMen.com sent me on a blind date !
I wonder how they will blame this one on the White Man .
We are far closer to being neanderthals than apes .
It's good to see someone actively trying to make a difference and reach out to people who otherwise might never realize that there is more than one side to any belief .
Thats a good point .
How do you feel about marriages between whites and racially mixed people ?
( Includes : one pair of baggy pants , one pistol , a set of golden grills , a looting guide titled ' But I dendu nuffin ' , and one race card )
Even all or mostly white public schools will still feed poison agenda .
Paper claims 250 - I was walking pass there and would estimate 100-200 demonstrators .
No, it 's not possible .
Makes you wonder how we invented anything at all and built nations that were the envy of the brown world when our countries were mostly white .
http: //u.tv/newsroom/indepth.asp ? id = 63241 & pt = n
I just have to study for three and a half more years until I start working on a masters in electrical engineering Feels like it never ends .
You either stand with your people or they will stand over your dead body .
Thanks , Greg
https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t994857 / It 's a lesson for children .
Thanks for your support commando 88, pm me and we will talk .
Because white peoples build is more suited to rugby ( stronger upperbody , endurance etc ) .
The burka is bad enough but it 's the hijab that 's more in need of a ban than the burka .
Such a shame that our government cares more about looking good in front the world then it does about the safty of its people .
And then he had the nerve to preach about anti-Semitism from the pulpit .
Idiots are in every country And I do n't said that all Croats are idiots .
I have been looking for a site like this for 4 months now since I last found one with like 75 Eastern Front propaganda posters .
the father said on the news this morning the church has already told him they would appel the verdict and if they lost again they would just file bankruptcy and he wouldnt see a dime !
i did a project on hitler for school and i read mein kampf and i got a lot of * * * * from the teachers and black kids but * * * * them im gonna read whut im gonna read wpww
It must be the Mossad or the CIA ...
( If you click the video , the video comments are full of self-hating whites ) : YouTube - BAKA RAINFOREST PEOPLE YODELLERS
Member of DFU 's directorate .
I bought a bag of candy .
Hehe !
This is black behavior as well .
My Father taught me to shoot when I was 12 years old .
I relate to a coon runiing a football is like a coon with a tv running from a police siren .
Its not like they cheered on the attacker or gave him a weapon , or restrained the victim .
Only a f' n jew would have the nerve to hide away in a black country , a fugitive from US law , while making campaign promises at the same time as suing the company he defrauded .
This would explain their need to get their people inside every organization including christian churches and force themselves into power positions no matter the cost to anyone else .
Some Serbian beings are for example : Bauk , Bukavac , Cikavac , Psoglav ( also in Croatia ) , Stuhać , Sreća , Zduhać , etc. ; Poles had Złota Baba , Karzełek , Boginki , Polevik , etc. ; the Russians had many of their own of course ( Ded Moroz was an evil wizard originally , but was transformed into a `` Santa Claus variant '' by Christians ) ; we Slovenians had Kurent , and we still dress the part and celebrate this every year : Some tribes neighbouring Germanic and Baltic tribes even incorporated Germanic and Baltic gods and creatures .
We would go to the range , rifle and pistol , once each week .
Glory To all our Valiant British Brothers & Sisters !
Get armor for yourself !
It 's wasted on a groid but I understand his need to uphold his principles .
So they can get reparations for their great grand parents ' `` suffering '' plus more .
Our school systems are nothing more then breeding grounds for the slave system the zionist are determined to create .
It has some interesting appendices as well , as well as maps etc .
No problem .
The Diversity Dinner : Breaking Bread & Barriers - YouTube A lot of good comments on this video though , if you have a youtube account feel free to leave a comment on there .
The thing that concerns me is that he got a house off the council thats a house that a Irish family should have got .
Such a shame that a beautiful city with such a superb setting is being ruined !
Absolute madness .
Seriously Guys , It 's An Indian Symbol For Good Fortune - People Of Walmart : People Of Walmart
Randy Blazak is an `` expert '' all right--he teaches `` Sociology of Star Trek '' --a credited class students actually pay for .
They are often confused with whites when they hide their tail , horns , and hooves .
Flip up sights to co-witness with an optic .
I think having our own venue for our gatherings and events has helped build a good community of like minded people and with a comfortable place for us to promote our message to the people in attendance .
I already have most of the above .
Shows me that you 've probably never trained in jiu-jitsu .
Hi, I am 26yo from Glendale AZ .
You could also open up the school via the internet just like the other schools have done in my area they have kids go to a class and learn via a feed from the teacher who could be hundreds or thousands of miles away .
There is no time like the present .
Why would any white European in his or her right white mind want to move to a country that imports hundreds of thousands of nonwhites every year ?
It looks like White culture , something we have lost down here in Texas .
I passed Andy Cameron 's house this morning and I heard him gargling .
Unfortunatly I am going to miss the 21 of march , but on the 23 me and about 10 other white nationalists are going to put several thousand copies of the white nationalist newspaper nationell idag in mailboxes .
It 's the only way .
This is bull * * * * !
I just made a visit to L.A. I have no words to describe the racial situation in this city .
I can pick them out a mile away .
Scumbag swine Churchill .
I 'm very worried she is n't well .
Sword will dispatch them rather handily .
This is ARKANSAS they have no right to smell up my place with their chinese restaurant BO ~ ▲ RESTORE ORDER ▲ ~
http: //www.wavy.com/Global/story.asp?S=6591380http://content.hamptonroads.com/stor ... 5810 & ran = 71385
Works for me .
It refers to people you find in Ireland with very black hair and very pale skin .
I'd like to meet with anyone pro-white , white nationalist or especially national socialist like myself .
It 's why they do n't take real ones seriously .
If you would like to chat , please PM me. xox and 88 Gretchen
We have already reached that point ages ago !
drinking does ease the sorrow of a lonely life .. it 's so tempting to just go out and get drunk , and laid like i did in my youth .. but i have n't got the energy for it anymore .. more likely to lie in bed and cry until it 's time to go work .. still hoping life gets better than this : drink 2508
But as for them adopting kids , the answer is NO .
A good book to read on this is a Bible Conderence .
Unfortunately in the United Kingdom we do n't have guns like you Yanks so I was hoping for some alternatives for a SHTF scenario ?
It's a shame that universities of Canada import black and brown people .
My brother said the chant 3 times also ..
i had a pair of levi 's that i wore whenever i did messy work .. they were my ' junk ' jeans. i usually wear anything that fits me. as for Docs i rarely wear them anymore. i wear sneakers now .
There is not enough interest on either side for a re-unification to be attempted .
I have a bunch more pics if anyone wants to see ' em. just drop me an email .
This flier addresses three of the goals that I work hard to accomplish .
Black people wo n't use anything white people invented/discovered .
No when I was younger like 10 years old , I went to black school because my mom moved us into the ghetto because just gotten divorce from my dad .
She is certainly an enigma .
Stuff like that needs to be shared on Facebook to wake Canadians up .
So far only on teespring under Warchief .
In central London you will really struggle to see a white British person .
We are in the Kali Yuga .
Here ´ s some ideas for you , https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... = 298321 & page = 3
I'd like to know exactly what a `` white supremacist '' is first .
Remember every one , we are Europeans and our success tract record says it all
I have a subway nearby and eat there occasionally .
Ok Ignore the one pic. that is n't so good ....
Kids in school get school socialization , homeschooled kids get socialized in the real world .
If you had your way their would be no whites to pay taxes so the blacks could collect welfare and as they have proved in Africa they are incapable of feeding themselves
How many white lives would it have saved so far if we had no non whites here , just in the USA and Canada ?
It is the spiritual awakening as I says stupid !
The Church of Ireland Archbishop of Dublin has called for an amnesty for immigrants who have been in Ireland for five years or more without their status being resolved .
Then maybe it 's possible that female circumcision is no worse than male circumcision if done in the way you explained .
Are you shore ?
Wow ..
Intelligent Masculine Black Fed Ex Man comes to save the day and explain how stupid the white man is .
Since you are new let me direct you to a site that also has good info and puts out a paper called the Nationalist Times .
- YouTube
I said `` Well yes , just like every other intelligent and honest person on Earth . ''
Is there anywhere in central London that is still 95 % + white ?
Great to see you back Irish Rose .
Well i think that fact that they 're Muslims goes to show that Arabs must have colonised that land. and Intermixed with the Existing somalies ..
This post by Jack boot and the piece by Marc Moran , are very inspiring .
As others have pointed out , it 's a great slogan .
I doubt you can actually get close enough to the antis to pass a flower .
You 'd want to stay on Earth for eternity , it would have been that good .
Path less traveled , is the safest .
miscegination is a killer for all races. it destroys perfectly good DNA , even nonwhite DNA. we might need our diversity some day to save an entire species. it would be a shame if that DNA was destroyed becasue of some leftist ideal bullsnot
4
WP WP WP WP
My nose has been broken a few times haha .
They took the action of screaming for help and getting off the bus .
Do not go to school officials because it will mark you out to them .
I have no doubt Los Angeles is a cess pool .
But Wayne I want a brown baby like all the other girls on the estate !
`` Defend our Boarders . '' 3 .
but please prepare yourself for anything like a nuclear blast or a huge earth quake or hurricane .... shtf in many ways
I have Japanese friends online , and they think it 's pretty funny that our countries are letting themselves get * * * * ed by bull * * * * .
LOL GJ brother 10 points for the Uber humans and - 10 for the sub human ape creatures you are truly one bad mofo whitey crakker man
I just want to add that no matter what a person 's class or character I will always give a white person the benefit of `` coming right '' before I reject them as `` wiggers '' or `` white trash ''
HydraDeck Humans - YouTube
The word nationalism to this day doesnt have a watertight definition however this is what I think it should mean in this context : White nationalism is the belief that the white race must obtain a country for only members of their race to reside in , for the purpose of preserving their race 's existence as a biological category and as well as their races culture .
Thats where Baz Rutten and Ken Shamrock started before UFC 1 .
It should be moved to the really funny joke section .
That picture was truly revolting .
How do you explain China , a totally government owned and controlled communistic nation , yet it wastes the world 's resources on junk and building empty cities ?
I will find some way to get hold of this speech and make it public .
God please bless with wisdom the judge and jury against this group of thugs that they all might be hanged .
Just badly spelt like everything else in Holland ?
Best place for DNA test btw ? 23andme or ancestory ?
Very good video which packs a hard punch .
This year I 'm going as a dog , and my two friends are going as a ghost and a mail man .
http: //www.wpix.com/news/wpix-jersey ... , 5347881.story = = = = = Police arrested two men on suspicion of stealing more than $ 50,000 worth of property from an Avondale home Tuesday afternoon , thanks in part to attentive neighbors .
I could n't wait to get to the end of your post so I could say what a great post it was !
And when it comes to classical music , I like it powerful .
That'll be a ONE person average per county , and a sub on the bench in case anyone gets injured .
im an irish n.s skin , id like to hear from any skin or nonskin n.s girls from around the world ! 88 ...
I thought it was like a tranny that slept with 200 men !
Something is up .
The white nationalist front has never been proven to exist outside of the chairman there waste of your time until it is proved to exist
The Gulf War was being waged and great times of transformation were taking place in the Soviet Union .
We do not want to annhilate other races , we simply want to preserve our own .
I like both of these genres and will have to put Lovecraft on my list of authors/books to read .
Surely you 're not suggesting teaching that bunch to shoot !
Check out the link in my sig brother .
It was too much police and security police involving , but you will see in Latvia.Also , all that crap was lasting about some 45 minutes .
On the basis of this and the PM 's forwarded to me , you will take a week off to calm down .
One time she came in crying telling me that pavement ape `` hit me in the tummy '' .
IKA Klansmen
Was n't Beethoven a Native American ?
I live in Georgia , namely the metro-Atlanta area so naturally im surrounded by monkeys .
Six years old , our granddaughter came home from school today and announced `` I 'M A MUSLIM ! ''
Dublin has had it !
Ya have to watch how they change the wording of things , worker = commie thinking .
Just makes for an easier form for me !
Anyone know where i can buy one .. ? 88 Jab : soldierfn
I was there a few weeks ago .
I THANK ALL OF YOU VERY MUCH
I had no idea where Mississauga was , other than in Canada , so I decided to look it up .
My new next door neighbors are Chechen and they have red hair and light skin .
You mean like how there was no electricty or other public services except the post office and some roads during the Old Republic ?
Campbell 's Biology and Wade 's organic chemistry for example .
Does somebody know ?
No trick-or-treaters braved our long driveway .
Get armor for every member of your family !
There is lots of cheap / good surplus stuff out there .
The worst thing about the present immigration is that it 's spread all over the country .
( As I watch from the safety in front of my computer monitor. )
A good window or floor fan does the job of white noise much better than a TV .
Geesh , they 'd let a gorilla into UCLA for the sake of `` Diversity '' as long as it got a body wax .
......according to DUP Northern Ireland minister , Nelson McCausland : Northern Ireland minister calls on Ulster Museum to promote creationism | Politics | The Guardian Hmm .
You know how they gawk as us , I think in my case because I have blue eyes and all of their females only have brown eyes so they are attracted to us .
I can always use some hands around the place .
YouTube - Euclid Square Mall ,
2007 ( Dead Mall ) Can anyone report in from Euclid , Ohio ?
Yes, before age of 10 i never saw an negro in real life , when i moved to Holland i was horrified by the amount of non-whites .
Yep.
RAMMSTEIN - 18.Ich will ( 2012-02-11 - Moscow ) - YouTube
Southern Missouri is very pretty .
I dont know but becareful .
I do care about arab christians You are not the only one who is feeling lost i know it sucks to be a non muslim in the middle east. would you like to move to east asia with me ?
Thanks
Our ancestors went though millions of years of eating meat , if its bloody good enough for them , its good enough for me .
What I do know is that I live on a small Island and it seems that a lot of people from various countries in the world are willing to desert their homelands and their families just to come here , in my mind that tells me a lot about said people and their home countries , most of all it highlights their weaknesses of how their own countries have let them down and how they feel the need to feed off somebody elses country , how should we English interpret this without sounding rude ??? , locust ??? , parasite ??? , you tell me .
I pm 'd you a suggestion of a place to go , I do not want to post it here as I think non-whites read this site and will then proceed to try and move there .
Video Shows How Mexicans Beat a 20-Foot Fence on California Border - True Crime Report
https : //www.facebook.com/pages/Boyco ... 85159441543213 Worthwhile Canadian Initiative : Dumb men commercials err ... why not dumb black men , dumb black women , dumb Asians ?
They were nothing short of a Godsend .
An AR10 is a weapon that 9/10 of those who own , myself included , do not have even half the range time or training with to actually use to it 's capabilities .
It's pretty simple ; if they come at you , you come at them .
BS!
Look on in jealousy !!! 2508
That is a good article .
Sometimes these things happen.You can always report it to your credit card company and get a reimbursement from them .
Niggas do n't wait in no lines .
There was nothing sectarian about my comments .
Just wait until they find a school where Asian girls are more violent and stupid than black males , and the leftists will have a plan on how to fight the achievement gap .
If your house door was locked , but at midnight your neighbor opened the door for some muslims to come inside and take your stuff , rape your wife and beat you nearly to death ... would you still think your neighbor was a nice guy ?
S.S.
I know the thing on ebay said its first edition so i guess so , its still sitting at 51 $ so i am hoping it stays there and ill just bid like crazy the last few minutes of the auction and hopefully get it .
+3 3 related images One of Savannah 's Most Wanted Captured 2nd Marine in charged in Las Maracas shooting WNCT - George Crocker - 52 minutes ago 21 year old Erwin Rodriguez , Jr. of Camp Lejeune is charged with one count of Assault with a Deadly Weapon with Intent to Kill Inflicting Serious Injury by ...
What about peanut butter ?
I heard that it 's youth corps. is really amazing , and they are one of the few large groups that accept younger people .
BTW - I do n't recall seeing a Mars Bar in S.A ?
Just watched the first few minutes of the video and will finish when I wake up .
I believe Bound for Glory is an Oi band similar to Rahowa or Skrewdriver .
I was wondering the same thing when I first saw that this section was added .
Hey, hey now let 's not bury this so fast .
I like to listen to this preacher , but why do black prreachers always have to scream .
Mam and Dad 's side both Irish .
No Jew has ever found a way to force a big black females to parrot Marxist propaganda the way that little dumb liberal anti-whites will .
Me an my main nigga Rakwan X and Cracka killa homey G dog money funk on the East side representin Brooklyn soul brotha numba 1 Leroy beez runnin da wigga thing up in hea !
good luck NoRemorseNoRegrets , hopefully its good news about your job and lets hope you dont become another figure in a stat !
Yes Muslims do breed like vermin , i believe that 's part of their intention to breed out other races in order to make themselves the majority .
You need to post less and learn more .
Behind every avatar is an actual person , and we can even meet .
http: //abcnews.go.com/International/print ? id = 2483106 AP Story
YouTube - & #x202a ; Rohirrim charges at Helmsdeep & #x202c ; & lrm ;
I do n't watch T.V. or Hollywood movies .
Wisconsin should have way more than what this map shows .
Like you I like certain movies , tv series I absolutely abhor British telly in particular as they are always and in all ways promoting race mixing or homosexuality .
Started the defeat of the Soviet Union , and now leaders in the fight against Islam !
Sure, send me an IM on Goodreads or here telling me your Goodreads ID so I can invite you to join it .
Looks like asians have more balls than us gutless white people .
So they invented the metric system now ?
The flag should have the leaf thingy and a mix between the French flag and the George Cross of England to show the ethnic heritage of the White Canadians
The older I get `` in my mid 40s now '' the more I appreciate straight forward simple language that gets to the point .
I 'm guessing her age to be around 12-18 months , and she is TINY She 's 15 inches STL , keeping in mind she 's missing a small piece at the end .
I remember going on them when I was a young boy .
im from nepa not looking for a relationship just someone to talk to my brother goes to ps in state college so im down there quite often xxboobearxx@aol.com
: P + from someone else to Csabi : `` So according to Csabi romanians listen to hungarian music ?
Thanks for the replies .
Thanks to the imported filth that , like our land under its current occupation .
No I was asking for a link for were it says their banning the celtic cross , but thanks for the link i 'll check it out .
Yes, you 've been talking that way aloud in the public for most of your life .
Just to show all Whites should have one common goal .
I do n't want to throw my life away .
I love the home school idea and very much admire parents who care enough about their children to make the commitment necessary for it to succeed .
They all deserve an ass kicking .
Did day kill dem injuns ?
Somehow I think maybe your a troll .
Of course ATT had to make the one blond boy look stupid .
This sounds like a sensible , well thought-out plan .
Just Google it and you 'll see what I mean .
YouTube - Grandson attacks and rapes 87-Year-Old bed-ridden amputee Grandmother YouTube - Police are looking for Flash Mob of black Teens who Robbed Dupont Circle Store .
The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie Trailer - YouTube
This is your claim and yours alone ; take it to yourself .
you gotta stand up for yourself you cant just sit back and take their * * * * but on the other hand you cant go out looking for it either but if it comes down to a fight dont back down
Sad but true .
In my mind it 's not even close to being obselete , I believe it is a symbol of the white race and it 's fight to save itself in this sick and twisted multicult world we live in .
Irish, There is nothing wrong with being polite .
did anyone go to this last night ?
im not sure if the thread just died down or that was all the interest from Manitoba , I hope a few more read this and decide to form a commune
I think it 's because whites see Asians to be most like us of any other race .
Whites are not all genetic copies of one another .
Live in peoria , az
Listening to Matt Coper this evening tried to do some digging around on the above story and this is all I could find `` More PC Rubbish '' http: //www.veritas.ie/App_User_Files...rticle%201.jpg
`` Hunter '' sounds good too .
Too bad it 's Bug day tomorrow , grrrr .
The soldiers of today may face this same treatment before they die if things keep going the way it has been .
You know my track record from the pms I have sent ya .
TY!
Alright, I 'll send my pic out only for request in a pm .
The illustration of Old West ghost towns is something that every American can relate to .
Woman pulls pistol on loud mouth girl - YouTube
I just need to turn on a tv and I see it advertised everywhere , mostly African apes with attractive white woman .
From 1990-2010 Canada brought in over 200,
000 immigrants 18 timess !!! 9 times in 130 years .....
We must do something .. and soon .
AS in Business Admin , bachelors may have to wait because the college system in California is falling apart fast with tuition skyrocketing and admission shrinking .
Found along Orion 's sword just north of the bright Orion Nebula complex , these reflection nebulae are also associated with Orion 's giant molecular cloud about 1,
500 light-years away , but are dominated by the characteristic blue color of interstellar dust reflecting light from hot young stars .
You could have made one for prophecies .
I'd like to add that the media reporting on this paper is diabolical .
The name of the village was changed to Dramastein , during the Third Reich , today it is called Kamieniec in Poland .
I live in CT. and if you want to reply , my email address is bclaw23@hotmail.com ~ EuroCatB ~
Friend of mine says it 's spot the white person down London .
I'm 6 ' 1 " , my wife was 5 ' 4 ", I dunno if that counts as tall vs short .
Indeed!
The deceased couple was found gagged and bound Friday afternoon in their home on the 4100 block of West 142nd Street .
Except peanut butter
As long as she does n't look like she just came off the set for a rap video or wears sweatpants in public I 'm pretty flexible .
Anyone white person would if they knew the truth .
I live hour south of Regina .
NEVER be the first one to offer information about yourself or job history to ANYONE on the net .
Yes, the Americanos even prevailed on the armyless Costa Ricans to round up their European nationals , even European-descended Costa Rican citizens , for a nice Costa Rican concentration camp in San Jose !
What is colour , is that ghetto fly , super dawg slang ???
Id love to live in that Ontario .
Don't get yourself into trouble for something that is n't worth it .
My friend and I are looking to buy them in large quantities on the Internet for probably around like $ 1.50- $ 2.00 a piece ....
Kindest Regards JE .
But UFC and TUF is rigged and staged .
Watch - http: //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = PAvAV ... eature = related
Girls from different Russian dating sites - they are not all `` cute and cuddly '' but nevertheless .....
72 hour scenario traps are a waste of time and energy .
On the other hand , I did n't ride horses or bulls , but I love to watch the rodeo .
It is now unusual to see White families on telly .
Your all-white nation is a fraud .
We have n't heard this exquisitely beautiful song in a while .
Angry Aryans is probably my fav band .
This link covers Citrus County and you are right , some very cheap lots and , the county , looks to be our kind of placehttp: //www.homosassausa.com/
I am sorry but it is the truth .
Well that 's your misery I hope this will help : 1 m = 100 cm 1000 mm 1 " = 25,40 mm = 2,54 cm = 0,0254 m 1 ' = 304,48 mm = 30,48 cm = 0,3048 m 1 ' = 12 `` Then ... start calculating
Any expressing of their homosexuality outside their home however must be stopped .
March 21 is the White man march against White genocide , March Against #WhiteGenocide - March 21st 2015 And the 15th of every month is White defense day White Defense Day , the 15th of Every Month
They can become some of the most anti-white people on earth .
Wow!
First off they probably wont do anything , second off dont start anything .
^ You ca n't make this stuff up Go have a drink , drown the sorrow of living among primitive Asians .
Unfortunately , this is the country of multiculturalism .
I have realized while on stormfront , that my idea of what white looks like is flawed .
The ammo is more expensive .
Seriously Canada would have been better off if they left the pakis at home , im like you I do n't object to asians because they at least try to fit in .
Read more : Charges in deadly wreck that killed 5 motorcyclists - LancasterOnline.com News Crash takes injured woman 's fiancé , mom - LancasterOnline.com News
White women are okay to promote , but males are still carrying the sins of their Grandfathers ^ 3 .
hey and if you ever experience a lawsuit from the negro hispanic jews claiming you are racist , simply make an example of the hundreds of negro mexican schools that deny white children .
Good choice in the XD .
You will love this : https : //www.linkedin.com/pub/wayne-weber/19/899/116 got out of the Air force and went straight to the head of HK. wow .
Like is here the USA
October 31st is New Year 's Eve in our European cultural tradition - will there be specific flyers for this event ?
We hold youth Bible stuides ( free ) and you do a lot of at home studing .
I've taken a few dance classes at various times and enjoy it .
It is hate if we disagree with this ethnic scum and no hate crime if they attack us .
hey, maybe we can meet before I go back to school , if you want to just PM me and I can give you my AIM , yahoo , MSN ICQ whatever 2508
They act quite civilized in the video but i suppose they went on a mugging spree after .
Greetings all .
Works great , simple to use , even the kids can do it .
It does n't really mean anything .
Going to reah 10k soon !
And my job lets me monitor all of Jewish supremacist control of talk radio .
Its all very sad .
Projects from 1800s early 1900s Project of the State Duma ( Contest of 1905-1906 ) , by Vladimir Vasilyevich Suslov ( July 25,
1857 August 1921 ; Владимир Васильевич Суслов ) Country House Church , by M. Kuzmin Country House Project of Tsar 's Pavillion in Polytechnic Fair in Moscow ,
1872, by Dmitry Nikolaevich Chichagov ( September 3,
1835 July 4,
1894 ; Дмитрий Николаевич Чичагов ) ?
Do you have a way to support the claim made in another thread that Native Americans were not the first human inhabitants of the Americas , since you can no longer defend your claims in this thread ?
Pray vnto Odin .
Welcome .
The ghetto of the north .
So here 's where all that missing bank stimulus money went !
Separation is the only answer !
the earth is hollow ? and it 's the little elfs and their gardens and compost heaps that are producing the oil .
Responsible Body Armor Possession Act Keeps Military Armor out of the Wrong Hands | Congressman Mike Honda It seems that our enemies in Congress are once again introducing a bill which is designed to restrict civilian access to certain types of body armor ( level III and IV rifle plates ) .
When the phosphor hits the skin it starts to burn going deeper and deeper into the flesh .
Free diaper bag , changing pad , formula samples/coupons , and other nice stuff .
If that makes me brainwashed , then so be it .
Maybe if you opened your eyes you 'd see that I did .
That was a wonderful article by Kevin Myers .
Classic trucker songs YouTube - & #x202a ; Dave Dudley - Diesel Smoke ( 18WoS : PTTM ) & #x202c ; & rlm ; Diesel Smoke another of same song , different video , says the artist was Red Simpson YouTube - & #x202a ; Red Simpson - Diesel smoke , & #x202c ; & rlm ; YouTube - & #x202a ; Red Sovine-Truck Drivin ' Son Of A Gun & #x202c ; & rlm ; Truck Drivin ' Son of a Gun YouTube - & #x202a ; Terry Allen - Amarillo Highway & #x202c ; & rlm ; Amarillo Highway ( slow version , live , with violins ) YouTube - & #x202a ; Robert Earl Keen - Amarillo Highway & #x202c ; & rlm ; Fast rockin ' country version by Robert Earl Keene
the late doctor pierce brothers is on this weeks speech very good the corruption of white youth the same thing is happening here a must listen for whites very good very impressed by the doctors brother .
Anyone know if those rifles are new production or old ?
Nope.
I 'm surprised that on national television they let to be broadcast such a politically incorrect video .
Good to see more Norwegians
We had Dresden remembrance last year and will again this year
Plans are on youtube .
People suffer more the closer they are to ground zero .
Ak47 with folding stock 4 .
Protesters Clash during Military Parade in Barking
I feel a great appreciation and admiration for the Polish people and I get sad when i hear white brothers speaking ill of the poles .
I wish it was n't real , but it is .
The day I 'm told I have to get something put under my skin or a tattoo of something I do n't want on my body is the day I move to Europe
I found this thread loaded with good clips , here is a few of them .
There is no requirement of circumcision found in the NT .
com/watch ? v = kBD6Gm6VoDM Then watch 8 min. Obama at AIPAC @ youtube .
White,
73-year-old woman , beating victim attends suspects ' court hearings by Joel Allen Posted : 05.11.2010 at 8 : 43 PM A 73-year-old Loris woman who was severely beaten last week showed up at separate court hearings Tuesday for the two boys accused of assaulting her .
Ta ra do re do re aye .
It would be an excellent accessory for any for any room in the house .
no doubt thats a lovely gun , if i had the money im looking at a benelli as my next shot gun ... also the price of single shot shot guns have gone sky high
Since your genetic makeup determines your physical appearance , as long as those photos are of authentic native born people living in Non European areas , there probably are some Non European peoples whose genetic makeup as well as physical appearance differs not in the slightest from that of Europeans , then they must be considered white , so there probably are non European whites .
Stop justifying your yellow fever .
Though i am from younger generations , these are my father words .
com/watch ? v = KrdyCxpB4fs And then the entire Myron Fagan video @ youtube .
The ' Civilization ' series narrated by Kenneth Clark is free on Youtube .
http: //www.spamlaws.com/state/summary.html the site lists all 50 states I believe .
Good night from Europe .
I saw someone playing on an Enemy Territory server using this handle and I was wondering if it was someone who posts here .
In the next few weeks I 'm planning to buy a rifle in .308 Win/7.62NATO.
So it 's not enough Professor Ratajczak 's life was destroyed when he was fired , some filthy desert rat from Israel still had to go kill him ?
I would like to get some of the leaflets printed and distribute them but sadly I have not got the funds .
The enemy of Germany has been inside the borders for some time .
Im just glad there is a platform for us like minded whites to talk openly about the troubles we face without being dragged through the courts on hate charges ..
Cheers !
Welcome to the board , Mr. Roper .
I 'm left wondering what jobs did the `` working class '' whites have ?
I currently live in Wisconsin and have been trying to educate myself on the PLE concept .
Maybe some of us can meet , move in next to or near each other , and start building up White communities and keep it spreading across the country .
Depending on which part of Scotland you 're going to I might have some bad news for you about the Kaffirs .
We barely have rail .
Just ran across this letter from Finland written by a non-racist .
I have a report somewhere called Allied Intrigue in the Low Countries and I seem to remember understanding a bit more .
Another classic .
Its like the choices are white genocide candidate 1,
2, or 3
26155 Yes , our languages really are beautiful , at least I think so .
For those of you that know me , I have this at my place also .
im sorry about being a bitch.i was just hurt.hope you find your talk with someone.ifyouwant to talk to someone who is trying to get their degrees pm me on sf or im me on aol aryan14words@aol.com or yahoo whiteqt242002 christy88
My beautiful blonde hair blue eyed niece Annabella just turned 2 yesterday and it 's my duty to educate and teach her white values and her heritage because she is the future of our white race and will someday bring some beautiful white children of her own into this wolrd .
Pigs bladders were not used there , and the footballs were made from Camels doings .
Dids dey colononialize da new erffs ?
I recently bought a book from here and it was very fast shipping and great quality .
This is your typical Afrikaans music .
Plus who leaves their car open at night and in the city !?
We need to figure out how to make these products on a small scale for the White Nationalist community so we are not stuck buying from anti-White companies .
If a person 's sexuality is an issue for them only then it should be an issue for us , normal people of either orientation do n't have their sex life at the centre of their attention all the time , a heterosexual deviant is just as much as a problem as a homosexual deviant and there are more straight perverts and psychos around trying to `` infiltrate '' groups than there are homosexuals .
I have one word for you ....... MOVE . We chose this area because we wanted our children to go to all white schools .
The mass killing of jews should be partly Britain 's fault but the western zionist world wants people to forget about Britain 's imperial past and lay the blame on white nordic nazi Germany .
Blacks only account for around 4 percent of the population .
This is a horrible idea .
Good for you !
The worst thing about this is that every single one of our beautiful cities in ALL of our countries now look like this .
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .
My moms in town and I took her on the going to the sun road ..
Hello, I just joined too .
Does anybody else experience this ?
Freemasons and Sexual Abuse Continue reading here .
It was no accident .
It 's a good read , and tells the truth .
White + Asian DOES NOT make white babies .
WTF is wrong with the Irish ??
It is a silly video , but it highlights the nonsensical world in which Jesus lived and the world Jesus was instrumental in changing .
I think they are just desperately trying to be more popish than the Pope himself and avoid accusations of racism before they are even expressed by demanding increased immigration .
Children of 8 are ' racist ' if they miss Islam trip : School 's threatening letter to parents is met with outrage | Mail Online
THREE times as many Muslims are in prison than 15 years ago
I would love to ask `` whats to concider ?? ''
Sharpton just wants to get his hands on da White House fleet of limousines .
I remember in grade 8 doing a project on that , and I got punished by the teacher because `` only blacks were slaves '' She was an idiot !
Japan NUCLEAR REACTOR - RADIOACTIVE STEAM ON VIDEO - 3/11/11 YouTube - UPDATE 1pm CST !
Go for it , I was out of high school for nine years before I went back to school to get my bachelors in graphic arts and 3D design .
None dare call it White genocide Forward this around to friends and family , spread the word : None dare call it White genocide
So long as http: //ghettobraggingrights.wordpress.com/ exists I will not only think of blacks as sub-human savage beasts with no more self-control than a rabid dog , but refer to them as such .
Whiter than Armenians for sure .
ZOG is getting rid of every White-dominated area in the world .
Victims of Illegal Alien Crime http: //www.voiac.org/report.php REPORT A CRIME .
I know something that will really turn them on and that they will absolutely love and is very useful for shutting them up :
The word Jew has changed all throughout history .
Thank you , Sieg Heil Ryan
Completed over two years ago with a certificate , I attended the University of Pittsburgh and finished at Kansas State University , both nationally ranked universities .
I do not let my children watch tv at all .
It 's more appropriate here , and you should get more informed responses .
Typical Negro .
hello, lisa ; i 's be de man yo ' am lookin ' fo ' . i 's got fo ' teef in mah haid an ' i 's be black lack a bowlin ' ball wif a nice shiny color. i 's got no job but mebbe yo ' kin git one fo ' yo ` f ? i 's be up in hollum ... wif lub an ' kisses. lub rastus hahaha ... sorry , lisa , could n't resist !
we should have our rights to do things our own way and all but that woman SHOULD have had an abortion !!! im against killing babies but there is NO WAY that could have gone well. dead fetus could 've probably killed the mother .
I would say bro since no one responded thats not a good sign hehehe Talk to you soon and I hope your brother is doing good !
Council of White Patriot Voters Open Letter To NAACP Over Gay Marriage CWPV Open Letter To NAACP Over Gay Marriage - The Council Of White Patriot Voters
I believe his dog would like to get as far away from him as possible !
somebody``hcf''calledputin``ahero''!lololol!This``hero''finallytransformedformersovietjewnion in ``russian''judea!In this misery-torn country-are there-70 officially billionaries , tens f thousands millionaries , and tens of millions of poor and miserable who look for their pittance at the garbage places !
But remember , lots of people I hear say that their parents would kick off if their brought back a non-white home to introduce him/her as their partner .
I love them to death and would kill anyone that threatened them , but they will be hell when they get older ...
I do n't think anyone is insinuating that we are equal to non whites , or that we would ignore white nations .
Any suggestions ?
Shocking and outrageous , that is what we all should be feeling. jmho b.e.
Like it or not , and I certainly do n't , but Ireland , especially NI is littered with memorials to , and even statues of , red terrorists .
Wait until the 1950s and 60s generation dies off LOL .
JAPs are a total hoot , each the center of the universe , loud , brash , vain , arrogant . . .
Americans and Irish understand each other better than Spaniards and the beaners .. the US and Ireland are the 1st world so they are educated unlike the beaners .
White speech is Hate ....
Beuthen - Großstadt im oberschlesischen Kohlenrevier - YouTube
Workers have been protesting to end outsourcing at the Bloemfontein university since last Thursday .
[ First in the world
] We were not afraid to stand up against Soviet terror , to this I take great pride as you all see The larger article in itself you may find here : http: //www.mbl.is/mm/frettir/innlent ... ml ? nid = 1083256
They never smile .
Yeah sad to see people like that .
It is disgraceful to treat a sick lady like they are doing .
- YouTube
18 times in the last 20 years 9 times in 130 years ....
Unbeautiful ' modern ' sculpture : The Harp Twins Camille and Kennerly ask : Chicago has the Bean and New York had the ??? Comments : it was the Bull .... on Wall Street New York had the `` I-popped-a-can-of-cinnamon-rolls-and-then-piled them-on-top-of-each-other-and-painted-it-silver '' monument .
Can you or anyone else think of any more of these good one liners ? those are golden I 'm going to use them on some cards im going to hand out .
yes and i would spend my life in jail to be rid of this bastard but hope reigns supreme that someone else gets him
Also every other multi they are trying to force upon us .
Personal Card for Teacher - Johann Warzecha in the Upper Silesian village of Kaminietz , near Tost-Gleiwitz ( Toszek-Gliwice ) .
But what do you say to the ivy who wants to become a tree ??
This is such a stupid question as you are not born poor or rich but if it came down to it obviously white and `` poor '' .
Not to mention that they do n't belong here anyway .
We will never understand the pain they must have felt .
I put that they were good for White youth .
I hardly have any Slav in me , but my great great grandma was Serbian so I have a little Slavic in me .
& #x202a ; The Vice Guide To Travel - Liberia - Part 1 & #x202c ; & rlm ; - YouTube
To learn more , click here : www.jonasridgeway.com/tech2.html www.spiritual.com.au/astral.html www.astralweb.org www.near-death.com/experiences/cayce01.html www.astralvoyage.com/projection/index.html It would be pretty cool for teachers to tell White kids they go out-of-body every night .
Look for Don McAlvany 's `` Revolution and Betrayal '' The terrorist-pig was caught red-handed with tens of thousands of grenades and anti-personnel mines .
Has it been translated to English at all ?
Every one stop making fun of other people 's pic 's were all a white family.By the way all you lady 's on here are looking fine to bad i 'm only 16 .
Here is a link to Philippe Rushton 's review of Vanhanen and Lynn 's IQ and the Wealth of Nations : http: //www.ssc.uwo.ca/psychology/fac ... /L & Vreview.pdf
Miami,( I do n't know how Don can stand living down there ) Hispanic - 279,
456 ( 70.0 % ) Black alone - 64,
993 ( 16.3 % ) White alone - 47,
622 ( 11.9 % ) Asian alone - 3,
649 ( 0.9 % ) Two or more races - 2,
642 ( 0.7 % ) Other race alone - 676 ( 0.2 % ) American Indian alone - 361 ( 0.09 % ) Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander alone - 58 ( 0.01 % ) Read more : Miami , Florida ( FL ) profile : population , maps , real estate , averages , homes , statistics , relocation , travel , jobs , hospitals , schools , crime , moving , houses , news , sex offenders
CAMPO SAN DIEGO EAST COUNTY CALIFORNIA On Now thru August 7,
2005 760 644-0857 Come One Come All !
A more apt analogy would be if he went to a party and showed up to find a small group of whites standing around while darkies kept pouring through the door and acting like they owned the place , so he joined some of the whites in complaining about it .
We must stand for something together for alone we stand for nothing .
I wanted to shoot myself when I was there .
No Kaboom .
11000 euro !?! * * * * ing scum ! i wonder if anyone would get anything if they set themselves up in a polish area and started begging. they would probably get a * * * * ing beating .
For once its nice to see an article focus not on the `` evil racist whites '' but on the racism of an ethnic group , in this case the Negroes .
They need the white male distracted as much as possible and of course the glorification of the groid ; two birds one stone .
Go to the Downunder section to read up on the news on how Arabs got their asses kicked and even the police were running away in fear .
What else can I do ?
You have your work cut out for you .
In consideration of the word ' satan ' , within such a context the notion of satan worship ( to worship ones adversary ) is an altogether stupid thought .
Francesca Ortolani aka `` Aufidena '' YouTube - Francesca Ortolani ( Aufidena ) - In deinen Augen YouTube - Tomorrow Belongs to Me YouTube - Aufidena - When the moon comes YouTube - Aufidena - Towards the Light YouTube - Francesca Ortolani - The Scarecrow
of course they wo n't. they just want to steal our land. they would n't stop until we are all dead. and neither would we .
O and Happy Birthday from Michigan , US to everyone on this page , heh heh .
I think I heard somewhere that they had to remove the links if they did n't want to be sued by the German government ... : /
I'm just dull sometimes ....
KKK - ku klux klan 33/6 - Thirty-three is 3 times 11 .
I'm just happy they have n't tried to cast blacks , Asians , or some other races like Hollywood 's treatment of Thor .
It warms my heart to see that apparently there 's more than just one pro-White organization in San Diego area planning activities !
Well, at least these dumb negroes got the fact that Jews are evil right ; though I suspect whitey and the jews are one in the same to their primitive minds ...
American schools have dumbed-down curricula , courtesy of the `` Progressivist '' model of education .
Perhaps consider asking a friend to put up a/some flyers that show him and say that he is a statuatory rapist who preys on underage white girls !
Frontline : The Confessions FRONTLINE `` The Confessions '' | Sneak Peek 1 : Recording a Confession | PBS - YouTube FRONTLINE `` The Confessions '' | Sneak Peek 2 : Finding a Lawyer | PBS - YouTube In `` The Confessions , '' FRONTLINE producer Ofra Bikel investigates the conviction of four Navy sailors for the rape and murder of a Norfolk , Va. , woman in 1997 .
Her forehead sticks out her eyes are small and close together her nose at the tip is bulbous I do n't see anything European about her apart from the fact she 's got fair skin .
Better some overly polite White guy offering to tell you about the word of Joseph Smith than some nignog car jacking you .
If I was 20 years younger I would jump at the chance .
I've followed Mr. Kievsky 's adventures through VNN for the last couple years .
Give and take for the good of all .
Once the budget tightening is over for the holidays will start buying certain things from there .
Yeah, but I should mention that a few places there , like Beaver Falls and Aliquippa , are chock-full of filthy -- and I mean filthy -- n * * * * * s .
So far you have not tried to post hardly anything but asking about your race type .
i never really got in too much trouble , because the dean of my school is also the head football coach and i play football so were cool , connections
Those winchester defense loads look nasty .
Do s and Don ts When Stopped By Police and Carrying a Firearm ( VIDEO ) By Steve Straub January 25,
2014 Do 's and Do n'ts When Stopped By Police and Carrying a Firearm ( VIDEO ) - The Federalist Papers
I blame the school with all it 's ethicts and multicult loving teachers , i 'm saving as many pupils i can , but i fear that 's not enught
The whites are who are blamed for let them in their countries .
Note to self : lose the wombat .
No problems .
Woman Brutally Attacked By 2 Men In Home Police Arrest 16-Year-Old ,
17-Year-Old POSTED : Wednesday , November 11,
2009 UPDATED : 8 : 18 pm EST November 11,
2009 Michael Galan ,
16, and Jarve Green ,
17, were arrested by Palatka police .
I thought about how we would clean the M60 barrels on the Hueys ( 2 on each side ,
1 each door gunner/crew chief ,
2 TAT101 front turret ) at end of day - had big vats of cleaning solvent , cleaning rods with bore brush in electric drills .
I 'm 20 and in Vancouver .
Its one of the last places you 'd expect this
The Juden never stop with the race mixing yet they do n't want it for themselves .......
Pick a few , you 'll see what I mean .
Shoot me a message .
First post on Stormfront .
I will go to sleep now , as I have to wake up reasonably early this morrow .
Thank you sir !
I pre-screen movies for them .
The 19-year-old had beaten two elderly Long Beach women to death and raped one with a wine bottle .
Save your change or eat pork and beans one night instead of going out , and give the money to a White mother. photo crawling infant reaching out
I 'd have no way to keep the van air conditioned at a restaurant .
Those pictures are truly beautiful .
Decaying , rotting malls inhabited by rats , wild dogs and homeless former retail employees will be a blight on the suburban landscape for decades .
A group of American men in the late 1700s decided they could defend themselves against the government of England , but it was illegal to do so .
-Heinrich Himmler , Bundesarchiv Berlin-Zehlendorf ,
28 June 1937
Whites are supposed to ignore this ?
Ginger candy is sold on the internet as a relief of pregnant women 's `` morning sickness '' symptoms .
They were talking about this on another thread and the first choices were for Coke and Taco Bell .
You may be right , I do n't remember if I was using a liberal curve or not when giving him a 3.5
It 's nice to see other people here in this section that lean towards the old Pagan beliefs too .
How can they do well at anything that requires logic when they are required to accept that A and B are equal ?
Not a single picture on any of them had a white male .
You will have to get some space in your apartment. clear out a 6x6 foot space of floor and do floor exercises , stretch , do deep breathing , get a couple of dumbbells .
Does he know what `` infringed '' means ?
I tend to listen to the more Celtic , and Prussian Blue , viking , Saga type stuff .
Most white girls are taught and brainwashed to love black guys , only way is to properly educate them and show them what savages they truly are .
As a holder of a black belt in an Asian martial art I can say that they can be very effective for real world self defense .
Something tells me that you 're sitting in the wrong section of the Stormfront bus .
We've had a couple of similar cases in Finland , when a nig purposefully tried to give dozens of Finnish women hiv/aids .
LK
This used to be a nice white city , lots of German immigrants etc .
See the new thread @ https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t989503/
everyone who doesnt speak Romanian and look as in WHITE get out of Romania a move back to your homeland .
I was filled with love for my race while watching this video .
True! but ever know the longer this bs war on terror goes the more high tech wonder war toys they keep coming out with ?
The update on this situation in San Francisco is that a judge rejected the idea that guns could be banned there .
Lervik does not sound like a name on a person but is rather a name on place .
Mass white immigration is Ireland 's current scourge and should be slashed by 95-97 % ..
Hail The White Race ! 26.12.2012 New Right Conference - London 2012 - YouTube
What was the condition of the White Western World the day before Hitler 's stupid war and what is the condition today ?
It 's more fun that way , too .
Great!!
The barbarians are at it again .
Adopt their musical style and hand gestures and you poison your own soul .
Off the grid is double speak for not being inserted into the political indoctrination assembly lines that are today 's schools .
Comparing these pictures to pictures with serbs I do n't see much difference between them and albanians , the same Dinaric and Mediterranean subtypes .
I've never been too into sports , but I think I just found a new favorite team ...
Just for research purposes I 'll mention that there was a video years ago about the Flatland area of Montana , with a similar tone to this recent NPR radio show , but it was before-PLE .
Just let Shaniqua leave her kids home to burn the house down while she goes to da club .
There are tons of threads and posts about Home Schooling on SF .
Lumberton , Texas in Hardin County .
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .
As long as my heart is true to the cause .
Situation for Ukrainian patriots is turning for bad in Crimea Food for military attempted to pass through the fence .
Blood and Honour is a world wide white organisation .
In reality they have no money and it is all a charade .
Some Natives were driving around in a truck a few years ago .
Yah it is sad to see and if the Irish dont quash it soon the last of the Kelts will be gone from the world .
If I was back home the only reason I would go was to meet up with some of you guys for lunch or something .
An Irish prison is like a luxury hotel where they come and thats even if they get sent to prison and thats if they get do n't flee the country and thats if they get caught doing the crime ... so crime does pay in Ireland .
So even if it was shown n a bad light I would hope it would bring lots more new members as the time has come to show the non white races that we can only take so much before we raise up
I do n't think she is mongoloid , but it 's big question if she 's White ...
I have an awesome tattooist in the burbs of Chicago ...
Hi everybody , I 'm a swiss man living in zuerich , I really like Russia , russian People , russian culture .. all from Russia !!!
They show some football and ice hockey + American garbage shows .
YouTube - Ukraine in WW2
haha well they require a certain physical ed. requirement at my school to be given a bachelor 's degree .
Thank You , Are you THEA charles Martell ??
I am 100 % Irish , All of my ancestors were white irish and there has only been one mix in my extended family and that was a white English person .
Why did it take so long to release it ?
Thanks for posting .
Most of those Youth were goths and they lit up when they saw real White people .
Apparently white people are the last to go out of their race for dating anyways !
A paper plate .
I 'm moving to a bigger house pretty soon , and that map is perfect for doing a groidal analysis .
Now there are hundreds and in a few years there will be thousands .
Come on guys , help her show her kids the right way .
you should' t say that white are more intelligent than blacks as i am a black neurosurgeon and that takes a high level of intelligence to become so think before you speak .
Did anyone here of the co up Irish lets say like the ab have got the Irish mob to be brothers to keep out the foreign crowd ? I got it from the star newspaper a few weeks back could be a load of made up * * * * . ?
England has been Jew infested for centuries and the BBC is the centre of the Marxist propaganda mill .
I just got a group started in my area Roswell Aryan Front and we 're looking for people to join or groups to join with if anyone is interested in joing or knows or is part of a group that is recruiting send me a private message or e-mail appreciate it .
Until then , I believe I 'll taunt those in school already : goof
Lovely young lady even with the tassled hair or early morning frown : For the record ; I do n't think you need a coffee .
Keep Russia free from dark skinned beings !!!! thank you and please forgive me for mistakes .
I going to get homeschooled tired of looney lefty teachers and the negroes
Get the dogs out and track him down , I say !!!
Like I have suggested , get out of there and get amongst your own Folk where you can do some good .
Every white person from Michigan knows that our Detroit negros are the worst in America .
I was trying to find out if the Egyptians were white or not and my search brought me to a thread on this site .
Please , put pictures of average people here , not of models .
Correct.
If u search on yahoo ( ya-jew ) you can find it .
I've often pointed out that negroes are more stupid than I can even imagine if they actually think they 're gonna win any race war .
Can anyone confirm if the Nuclear Plant has melted down or not ? ( I sincerely hope that it has not melted down or has been damaged in a dangerous radio active cloud spreading way. )
If it continues England will become a cesspool of sh * * pardon my English
When i first joined up i was shocked at how ( no offence ) elderly some of the people who post here are .
( Lives in Canada right now )
Africans are tall , thin and lanky and pretty ugly beasts . ... and I 'm just being kind .
I have lots more pics of Godunov if anyone ever cares to see them .
We need to get ahold of everyone and plan something this weekend .
I watched sports and universities go black and stayed away from the both since , It s been 30 years since I have seen a football game that was outside my son s high school .
Also, here is a link to the thread for meeting other people who are interested in defending our race , whether as militants or negotiators .
WPWW 14/88
It's a failure of the irish to do n't have a strong right radical party of their own .
They do n't even claim their white parent .
I think VHS tapes are available at Amazon .
That is only when they began speaking English as a majority .
I pray so too .
How are the kids supposed to learn about how evil Whitey is if their parents are teaching them how to read and write ?
Regards , Draiodoir .
So racial preservation is the basis for white nationalism and white nationalism is the method with which we want to preserve our race .
WHO ARE THEY ?
I went to party school in liberal farts .
I m not the only one
http: //wsd.dli.mt.gov/local/kalispell/
All I got from that is ...
I had actualy written th epost for last summer but had to cancel my trip ... so it is 2005 !!! ok every body cool ? * L * Shann 2508
It 's annoying to live in a time where a subhuman monkey coon thinks it 's okay to hit an Aryan white blond , blue-eyed child .
Never date outside your race Someone on this site has it on their posts
Homo neanderthalensis was just a dumb negro subspecies of the negroid species and never white-european .
Ca n't comment on the contents yet .
It is the fault of the parents who do n't take an active role in their children 's education ( though I think most stupid kids have stupid parents ) and the fault of the schools who let illiterate kids go on to the next grade .
According to research , we human are all originated from Africa .
Be sure to make note of the new address to buy things from The Knights !
I'm sure someone will come along .
Yup.
Top ten movies banned in Ireland Ten movies that the Irish censors blocked from Ireland 's cinemas Top ten movies banned in Ireland | IrishCentral
Seems like black criminals get more sympathy from the msm than innocent white women .
That literally hurt my brain and made me laugh while I was reading it , it 's so ridiculous that you really ca n't do anything else .
It 's mind boggling to me , I mean they just cut it off and run off with it in their hands ?
I thank you for your dedication to our cause .
My family and I are wanting to come out and look around a little more .
Old Bible scholars beleive the Bible was written by White Germanic people .
If it 's a true, SHTF ,
72-hour BOB , you 're going to need a lot of stuff and $ 100 is n't going to cover it .
YouTube - In the foggy dew YouTube - BraveHeart Music Video YouTube - Visit Scotland TV Advertisement - Winter Not sure about the message in the last one but at least it shows we 're a white country !
I did time in Az. and out of the 7 years I was there I spent 6 in super max , but I am amongst the living once more friends , for almost five years now. people go to super max for all kinds of reasons .
Angela Spain was murdered in her home by a drifter negro .
This is one of those that I have on the wall .
Bottom line is , waht are the ethnic breakdowns of each immigrant group admitted for the latest year available , if anyone knows ? diablo
I like her dress she is so lovely and gorgeous .
Indeed, it is quite odd for something like this to be posted on this forum .
They may be on to something Gay Men Will Marry Your Girlfriends - YouTube P.S. Please do n't bite my head off , this is mostly for entertainment purposes .
First off I would laugh so hard I 'd turn blue .
Where is forced busing when you need it ?
I live in a large American city and it has gotten so bad that it is to the point where we are not just a minority .
i was brought up the same way my father always told me if someone hit me i was to hit them back and twice as hard so they thought twice about doing it again he also told me `` when my mother was out of earshot '' that if the person was bigger than me i was to pick up the nearest thing to hand and smash their head in with it and not to stop till the ambulance came , needless to say i speny most of my teens chasing the bigger kids around with a baseball bat .....
From the changing of the guard to the changing of the negro .
And you will have to teach alot of lies to the students .
well here we have it a white european team against a latin american team. we have done so well so far. that a white team has come this far is being considered as incredible by some. but since the next games are in germany2006 would n't it be wonderful if a northern european team won this !!! already i have read about german superiority rascist remarks. pamela leighas pallessen-scherehart
I see where you are coming from .
Dunham is an English name .
Not only is this case typical of the feral sub humans but it 's a perfect example for our people of how totally out of control they are and that they cannot be allowed to remain among us .
Ya the ignorant want to registered guns so only criminals will have gun .
YouTube - & #x202a ; Kolovrat Kosovski front & #x202c ; & lrm ;
Rampage Productions Welcome to the Blood and Honour Forum
Oh yeah it 's because they study so hard and their family 's value education ect ect ......
I think this would just be a tighter grip the ZOG would have on us .
I was wondering if anyone else was having trouble accessing www.ireland-awake.tk ? i click the click and all that comes up is a DotTK registration page Anyone help ?
What was once public employee , is now worker .
I have n't , because I threw out my TV in the mid-1990s when there were to many blacks on TV .
I 'm studying here .
In the end the only safe thing to eat is grass if you are lucky enough to have your own garden ( or grow your own food if you have the space ) and hope to hell the government here does n't do chemical spraying .
I ca n't fathom seeing all those brainless whites along with their negro counterparts worshipping Obama .
Thank You I have others posted through out this thread But here 's a few more From the Going to the Sun Road .
I went in to chase bank to make a payment on my credit card all chase banks in my city have bullet proof glass in front of the teller .
The jew is attempting to make the condemned beg for the noose .
Not to mention the political correctness spew thrown into the ' actual learning ' .
Also after sticking them on you can coat them in a flour/water mixture like they use for large posters and it dries see through and is damn near impossible to remove later .
Nothing unusual about that except it said on the back window .
Video: Brawl At St. Louis Community College ! ( One Lady Fighting With Her Own Baby In Arms & Another Dude Swinging On Girl )
Once the blood line is mixed it is no longer white and is ruined .
The problem is there 's so many white liberal self hating traitors on the same side as the Jews and nonwhites .
YouTube - Authorities release video of detention officer assaulting EDIT : I actually thought the attacker was a male negroid until I just read a report on it on New Nation News .
As for the ' Oxegen experience ' , watch out that your tent does n't get burnt to the ground , like what happened to many people last year .
Perfection .
All in all I 'm White
Well I hate to tell that 40k will do a lot to help out the non-Whites .
Or is that impractical for some reason I dont know .
I 'm going to carefully study it so hopefully I 'll have some decent input to contribute .
A former accountant for retailer American Apparel Inc. has filed a wrongful termination suit against the company alleging that he was fired after refusing requests from Chief Executive jew Dov Charney to inflate figures on the company 's balance sheet .
Traditionally, there have always been a lot of them despite the fact that NE Asians are the extreme version of our breeding strategy .
Just trying to make people understand that you dont HAVE to shave your head to be a skin .
I know a couple of skins/klansmen who live in the HB area .
Milwaukee Wisconsin The Third Weekend In July Every Year !
Two black fag 's holding hands .
same over here in australia. the entire melbourne taxi system is filled with indians and africans. its funny that there are no calls for diversity in the taxi industry
National Geographic magazines in the 1950s and early 1960s are replete with color photos of African villagers .
oddly i would find it worst if she here black , since Negroes are the most inferior and scum bag humanoid race in our planet .
Only problem is in the multiracial environment it means you have to dance with non-Whites .
What I mean is that they overall were able to take all of it back as well as keep those colonies longer than the Italians .
The `` Missing '' and the photo of the young girl is an attention grabber Put it up around schools and playgrounds .
Interesting .
https: //www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=1493603624234498&id=14320 59370388924 Waterford Against Racism added 6 new photos .
I know how you feel BreakTheSilence luckily this is your last year in school and it is almost over otherwise I would say you should look into independent study where you do not have to put up with all the filth that is in the public education system .
i cant wait , i 've been wanting something to say to these wiggers , but i can never find the right words .
Remind them that they 're just another Jew tool and that they are basically spitting on the graves of millions of people that were murdered by real Communists .
In two years I will have a BS in Medical Technology .
She is off this week from school for thanksgiving and my other kids had school still for 2 days so she went with me to school.On way back was explaining to her my side and her mothers side of our heritage and explaining to her where the different countries were and told her we can get a map of Europe and she can color in the countries we are from .
Thank God for that .
Sorry, my last comment was published 2 times because I thought it was not published , I had a problem with the internet .
Thanks - Fenian
There is a young maid as well and they are about to be married under a sacred tree .... that is what the Oak and fire in the background are about .
He will get aids soon and die
Who the hell cares if its not kosher ...
The owner of that little white boat on the right claims he 's had it up to 119 mph. Hmm .
I mean they intentionally chose this house knowing there were white people living there .
White Americans and White Europeons have too few children .
You should not be surprised , i have 2 swedish/finnish friends ... asian looks in women is a must ... so i am not surprised .
People arent giving the Japanese enough credit .
My guess is that if your district has too few `` minority '' students they will start bussing them in from more `` cultural '' neighborhoods .
I 'm not saying `` do n't go out of your house and do n't talk to anyone '' but it 's really important to stay grounded with a group who are n't part of the mass. It 's much easier to remain independent and avoid being caught under the stampede if you have a reminder that you are n't the only person who 's not part of the mass. Uuuugh !
Phantom of the Opera was one of my favorites growing up .
Tesco shoppers in Mold , Flintshire flee man wielding machete | Daily Mail Online edit : sorry i just saw this has already been posted .
YES!
I am not a white female or in wisconsin but I figured I would say hi since your talkin with my wife
Who are you ? and how did you get your hands on it ? pm me or send a email please
It gets back to the question of how we present ourselves in some acceptable fashion while at the same time not changing who we are .
I was driving near USC and It was ALL darkies .
Nationalists Attend Rally For Life 2013 - YouTube
A Big walk away , she went back to her ex , and told me never to speak to her again because I am a embarisment to her .
Hopefully his death will boost support for nationalist groups in all white lands .
Watch out Finland : http: //www.nettavisen.no/servlets/pa ... = 3 & item = 217373 : attack
Står i butik ( papirforretn. ) ( The above are other people listed as living in my family 's home .
Just download it and enjoy .
If you want to start doing something productive for your race you can start by posting Mantra .
There are about 20 minutes with the webmaster and the remaining 25 minutes are callers on the subject .
I ca n't wait to finish this course I think I have about 4 weeks left .
Literally no whites When I lived in Naples when I left it was a lot of non white , but nowhere near like it is now .
I have to go now but I will post as soon as possible .
I note one of your other posts was worried because of the delay in your posts showing up - don ; ' t worry about it , it 's just that we have to check your stuff while you are new
I sin fritid går Karina Sørensen på jagt med sin far , dyrker styrketræning eller nyder tilværelsen med sin kæreste .
They talk and talk and talk but before they ever accomplish anything they always have one bad `` ni * * er moment '' and end up getting locked up .
It was carried to Ireland by English Invaders who came to where they were n't wanted to steal Irish land and Irish lives .
Are you trying to kill me ?
By their words and deeds , they declare themselves to be staunchly in favor of the genocide of our people .
Wanna talk im or pm me
Not fun .
At the beginning of the movie they show that huge group mating scene where they line up the men and women .
I edited that post when I was tired and had it right the first time LMAO .
hello, I 'm from Rome ...
It is no mere coincidence that the Liberal Party color is Blue .
Bugsy89
Hi All I am 130lb and I have Brown hair and I am looking for a WP girl in NC around fay or brag if this is you e-mail me
I think i heard your name on the stromfront radio , im honored .
The first two being the one that starts with ; `` When the discussion of race comes up , this one makes tempers flare like no other. * If a White person says they 're against interracial marriage , then that 's racist. * If a person of color says they 're against interracial marriage , then that 's protecting their culture and heritage . '' ?
Two weeks before raping and killing Holly , he raped a college student .
The Ukrainian Carpathians [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
] [ /TD
]
Many of the famous artists , poets , actors , theater/stage actors , home designers , fashion designers , sculptors , ( all of these are artists ) are gay .
Yep, her name is Thunderphoenix .
Back in 1981 Dusty used to show up in bars in Tampa , where my band was playing , get up onstage with us and sing `` Johnny Be Good '' and `` Long-Haired Country Boy '' , the only two songs he knew .
The oxymoronicness is strong with this thread title .
Also , those stupid white women who watch Oprah and not realize the fact that Oprah is very racist .
People of the US are getting it together , finally .
Sincerely , Cummins88
Last night all the Suckers we passed out to the wonderful little white children had a small banner attached to the stick saying `` White pride '' .
If it 's black , send it back .
They all thought I was crazy and I know I was acting as foolish as the discussions were
half white is still superior because how come every person I know who is half white is good at everything no matter about what other race is in um ..
My God .
88 .
In reality they do pair up the black males with the White girls in mixed schools because the girls help them with their work and it makes the school 's achievement stats less dismal .
Ca n't wait until tomorrow !
Apparently the story is that the white woman flipped off one of those groids and they all came to gang up on her .
well, looks like we can add another instance of 6 million to this pile , then - the amount of times they have told this story .
no sorry once again i tried to quote the comment i made in the previous post , i dont know how to do it my fault adam 88 : [] !!
Well someone needs to set one up ASAP .
It was not hard either .
Where are there Morals ?
Don't force me to eat with the hired help . [ Do n't force me to eat with the hired help - Page 4 - Cruise Critic Message Boards
The booze thing should n't be a big deal .
Perhaps you should x2 the number of mods so this pathetic situation can be fixed .
I had a few glasses of boddington 's on tap at a bar a while back .
I think everything should be done to preserve the great apes .
They smoke skinny cigars .
haha; im a 19 y.o white male from newcastle area - but im moving back to sydney very soon ( west sydney im afraid lol )
I was just trying to see how many of you saw other races as a bigger thread than your own , and apparently , a few think this way .
SMH you all do n't understand Hitler 's message , it was that all people should be proud of their nation and all people should improve themselves within their own national community ( volksgemeinshaft ) .
What a pathetic loser b ! tch ! : goof
`` My message to UPA and Bandera scum from a Polish American small town politician from Pennsylvania ....
https : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nordic _ aliens
I am to help in anyway i can .
Thank you internet .
Hail to the new King of Norway !
Every White person on the planet should have easy access to firearms , provided they do n't have a violent criminal past or a history of mental illness .
14/88
As i always said before , there is just too much animosity over the last 200 years for that to occur .
YOU do not control the lives of Whites by taking over their nations and forcing multiculturalism upon them against their will .
This is crazy .
Planet of the apes .
65% of all media coverage in britain is the BBC and they are openly biased towards the left and the others are n't much better .
It might hold together for a short time but eventually major problems will develop .
Why must we have a favorite .
Attention Chicago people Art Jones needs your help in his campaign !
No, I cant say that I have been through that .
There is always the International Oil Patch , we know there is no Drugs , Booze , or Hookers there , and a different Country every few weeks Get your Divorce early , everyone gets one two to a customer .
It's probably a combination of the sexual tastes of homosexuals ( toward the adolescent ) in the agency , and the racial agenda of liberals in the agency .
Oh I see how it is , Son of the Mist .
Kinda strange he only wants to remember those so called six million , but not those who died because of communism during WW2 .
There was a small Nigerian man that lived in the same town as me for about a year .
Anyone who cannot watch much of this video should AT LEAST watch the last minute and listen to what he 's saying .
This is a dynamite site I ran across about a year ago : http: //www.geocities.com/yosemite/4466 / It 's about one fellows adventures at Thule Air Base back in the late 60 's .
The best thing about Thursday fest recently is the home made ice cream they make in front of you with liquid nitrogen !!!
I 've only recently came to new conclusions ; or found old ones .
When I have the five children I wish to have , every Sunday I will read for then Mein Kampf , my bible I am not kidding .
And on the ground ground and pound and submissions have finished hundreds of fighters over the years .
Yeah, thank God for fingers ....
Brave , brave man .
OP is a faggot .
We need to eliminate all of those elements from the white race .
That 's the only beach i 've ever been to and then again i 've only been 4 or so times , the first time I went I saw 3 skins , two being guys and one had a panzerfaust shirt on and the other had a big swazi on his lower back and it did n't seem like he was getting * * * * for it in public , then I saw a few other 's on later trip 's , you 're not alone comrade .
``TheDark Romance of Dian Fossey '' ( 1990 ) by Harold TP Hayes Under the mentorship of noted anthropologist Louis Leakey , Dian Fosse spent 16 years in Africa researching the last remaining mountain gorillas .
Never mind post .
I 'd avoid the Baldwin/Idlewild area at all costs , but everywhere around there is extremely beautiful , lots of nature , etc .
You love pulling things out of your ass do n't you .
------------------------------------------ John
Try buying some of the `` Carolus Rex '' compilations .
Vision of a Future World Pt 2 of 2 - YouTube
I was just debating with myself whether I should go to bed or have one last beer ...
Of course , none of this is set in stone .
right on !! i want a lil ' rotweiler , when i het one his/her name will be schatzi !! aww cause it will be my sweetie !!! - val ! ( i love that smiley ! )
I'd say yes , because when the whites took over again they killed all the yellows and their offspring and started off right again .
Welcome CA1784 , ROY BROWN , Th0r , dan23uk , ourtimewillcome and Glasgow Girl .
I'm insulted by how stupid the Jews think we are until I see what they see by reading the posts amongst our so-called , `` Awakened Brethren . ''
Unless the aliens were simply humans from another planet you would never get used to them , stop lying .
I consider it one of the greatest honors that I got to see the ultrasound .
That s a good site and I 'll sign up for the newsletter !
Islam is a false religion however unlike some other false religions it is crude and appeals to crude people such as arabs .
Take care .
Hagen is also member of a fraternity called `` Israels friends '' and was on television celebrating the national day of Pakistan some time ago .
The kikes probably put the Leftist up to it , to make it seem like they do n't have total control of everyone .
Fox news reported last night that this beast was caught eating parts of this young man when the police got onto the bus to apprehend him !
now that ye mention it he does look a bit like this traveller i knew. i wonder if we gave him a wash would he really be a white guy with red hair ?
Let me be the first to say WELCOME to SF .
It's sort of like the Black computer genius that only appears with any ubiquity on television or in the cinema .
You parents who care enough to commit so passionately to your children are heros and heroines .
Or maybe there is and I just do n't know about it .
I saw the same textbook picture the other day but for the life of me cannot remember where I was at .
I love Steven Seagal films and I love all Nicolas Cage films , Windtalkers and The Sorcerer 's Apprentice included .
There are multitudes of great people here and a hearty welcome from my us all !
I think the final bills should be online at least a month before they are scheduled for a vote .
Those solar lawn lights , you know whats inside that charges during the day so they run at night double a batteries .
There is nothing patriotic in acting like a nagger .
I hope not much people will trust all that propaganda .
yes, if it 's true that the white cop was killed , than it is a terrible thing .
If you want to be treated with respect then try showing a bit yourself you arrogant dismissive tosser .
They fought for their country and what they believed in .
No wonder this country is in trouble
Actual names and places could be transmitted using the Private Message function .
"
For some reason these immigrants do n't have the same bad attitudes US blacks do .
I have a total of four dollars invested in decorations .
hey after five years of searching I finally fell in love again .
AR10s are heavy .
I want to thank every one who posted to the Halloween thread this year .
`` Why did n't you order a beer ? '' they all ask .
Just lay of the crack and ecstasy .
George Soros ' Evil Plan of Buying Up American Gun and Ammunitions Companies - Fiction !
Besides news and night-time shows .. Its shocking
Nasty..
It's not just blacks that fall after a good uppercut or direct to the chin , but these two are well fit for the blacks cause they have weaker chins than whites
Verdiløse snakk ?
I got stuck next to a really huge black woman who stunk to high heaven , and spent the entire ride with my face as close to the window as I could get .
She is white .
I have this vision of a left christian screeching ' the meek shall inherit the earth `` as a member of the peaceful religion goes a chopping .... humour .
It is precisely for these reasons among others that I made the decision to align myself with WNs .
When the wheel hits the road , it wo n't matter if you swing for yellow or black , just that you swing from the nearest overpass .
A : 20 yards Q : If 3 feet = 1 yard , What distance ( in feet ) was Johnny 's 20 yard football pass ?
Absolutely ridiculous .
Ghosts , Goblins , etc ...
Anyways , smearing a single DNA stem with black DNA is horrible .
Also,
    4 people break into a home and shoot and kill a 12 year old , and none of the major news outlets pick up the story ?
I went to buy some new socks today and a couple of t-shirts .
I'm too old ( 38 ) , but I live in Tucson .
Thanks It may not seem like much but just puting one of those leaflets up on a noticeboard gets a lot of people talking .
Aragorn
Does Ireland have a party that is similar to our BNP in the UK ?
Please, put a link to follow the results as long as the count of votes begin !
The only way to deal with these animals is to give them a one way ticket to their filthy pig god .
Over looking Howe Sound .
I just got a car , but there is no way I will feel safe enough to drive from the North all the way down , ( I 'm not used to it 's gears yet and wo n't actually be able to drive it on the road till next week ) and the petrol will surely cost even more than public transport ?
More than that I cringe every time I go to hang out with my friends and they blast this filth in their cars and homes .
Their shin bones are like glass .
As far as im concerned as soon as the little half breed is born , it should be tied round her neck and both mother and mulattoe should be flung in the nearest river.Lets see if daddy jumps in to save them !
Had a run in with a JAP tonight .
A genius , are n't you ?
If you can stand asians then you would find the school to be a breath of fresh air .
If a person is white and he is a Christian or a Pagan then i consider him as my brother or sister no matter whatever profession he is into .
Most white kids i know believe they are superior and they freak out whenever a black guy is fighting a white .
Just my 2 cents .
I would like to continue to encourage new people to come out and to message me if you are interested in coming out to our social gatherings and meets. it is always nice to see things growing
Send me a message if you plan to come out and we will make arrangements to meet up
Why would the press be covering this .
They do not want an anti-Islamic uprising that results in the expulsion of Muslims .
It will be a whole new can o ' worms for the government .....
Here it seems they are all hitchers or lizards , and maybe robbers .
I think I was my own `` tiger mom '' when in Montessori school ... around age 3 My memories are vague ( cue song ) but Mumsy said they had hoola hoops we sat in and whenever a kid stepped in mine I slapped him/her .
Strange more people ca n't see the problem !
When Starbucks had that race talk crap a few months back .
He and Roosevelt deserve to die a thousand deaths .
Missouri is very cheap I have lived her like I said most of my life you can get 130 acres , with a 4 bedroom house , barns , ponds and woods for 97,
    000 in southern Missouri .
The jews represent everything vile , deviant and unnatural , everything and anything that is an abomination to our Lord Jesus Christ , I hope he is burning with his father in hell .
Being a peaceful nation today is the same as the embrace multiculturalism and do nothing against non-white imigration .
Hopefully the traitors will be encircled in Westminster palace .
Two employees and one customer told police two men , brandishing a long-barrel rifle , stole the cash drawer with an undisclosed amount of money and fled on foot .
Scary Bus Shooting Caught On Tape : Philly Bus Stopped , Rear Door Opened And Gunman Opened Fire !
Exactly.
Help keep this case alive
So as long as immigrants behave and respect British culture they can stay .
Are you sure those guys were not with the department of public health and pest control and were not just trying to fumigate you ?
Arab militias doubly so .
another article on the mail today on their side bet you they will be allowed to stay think of the money that these people soak off the irish people madness www.faem.com
If you 've not had the chance to check it out , you might find this site of some interest .
Thats what I tried to tell those nuts over on the health a fitness thread and was attacked for it in post ????
Worker .
Sounds legit ....
I try to avoid the GMO stuff too , but since they do n't label the stuff it 's hard to do .
Are there any slavs that have black or darker hair color ???
Apart from that , only a small number of SF members are placed on moderation from time to time .
KC skin boy looking for KC skin girl .
This is the `` 4th attack on a teacher in the last 2 weeks . ''
That Ca n't be good !!
Need to break out my Brittany Spears outfit I guess ..
And Look at the bollix teachers are feeding our kids .
Hello.
Instead of challenging young white minds , we put them to sleep in a sea of apathy towards standards .
I got the book in a box with others for $ 1.00 I never knew anything about free masons until I read this book .
Would this have been the same scenario in Greece if Greece was bordering Russia ? .
Too bad you 're not in BC where I am .
Thank You for Posting This !!!
The only people I see the swastika attracting is the social outcast and this is repeatedly seen in each and every demonstration by groups which use it .
Did the message vanish ?
Wolf 278
Its common to for whites to love ethnics when they do n't know any as all they have seen is the pc image of them on tv .
Thankyou all for allowing me to vent as I feel so angry .......
That's not even close to what he was doing .
Authorities said Ewell was caught on surveillance footage trying to use the couple 's stolen ATM card at a gas station on the day of the killings .
There are no dumb questions and there are plenty in this thread who will answer to the best of our abilities .
sorry sisters and brothers but she lie to you she was not what she said she was fake used me and a other brother the same time so watch her ? say safe goldeboy 88
My wife is in the other room now getting her totals together to hand in tomorrow morning .
I do n't know about you but I rather fight a 2m swedish male than a 1.70m asian kung fu expert .
Hey, I am in Mesa ..
Certain individuals like to claim some form of ' moral high-ground ' in our racial fight to preserve the White race. irish republicans hidden jewish past .....
My uncle recommended SF to me after I told him how fed up I was with the Russian , Polish , African , and especially the Muslim ! i immigrants in England ...
Great gun though !
Sometimes pictures are worth a thousand words .
I knew a kid down the street who was home schooled and he didnt act like a kid his age should .
Defend yourself !!!!!
Damn you all for making me tag along with you .. !
There are hundreds of skins out here , esp. in your area .
Of course , I live in a rather small town ( 30.000 inhabitants ) .
UGH ....
well since we have all of us from phoenix lets exchange numbers and meet up dont laugh at the email addy it was a joke hehe pure _ tattooed _ white _ trash@yahoo.com
The Great Northwest Oktoberfest | Whitefish , MT 59937 Join us in beautiful Whitefish , Montana for two weekends of authentic German beer , food , music and fun - Montana-style !
Elk Hunter
Does your wife post here ?
me, too but here in the Usa .
Love looking at old photographs too .
Home-school your children fast .
I have no idea how to do it. )
That was wierd .
Maybe H & K was impressed by his rap video ?
dont you get cold when you step out from the water ??? i always figured i 'd freeze my butt off if i did !!!
The school did not cause my much trouble because it was elementary school .
Every state is plagued with disunity !
Nope prisoner means that you belive in wp and try to dress as much like one but cannot due to parents or your job .
North Irish militants forcing police from their homes Police in Northern Ireland are being forced to flee their homes by nationalist militants stepping up attacks on a force they consider to be a symbol of British rule , a police official said on Wednesday .
Here , he explores whether someone could be made into an amnesiac assassin .
The goal of this poll is to figure out whether or not you view the White US troops in Iraq as your troops ?
Let the non-whites pollute their bodies with that garbage .
there was this gay negro i was forced to work with on my first job out of high school here in sunny florida .
I'm in LA .
Questions that enable people to learn are always welcomed .
I agree .
Is it that hard to comprehend that your plan is Utopian ?
They probably arrest them and throw them in jail so that they will be raped and infected with AIDS .
Seemed to work well on the Indians and Australian aborigines .
I hear you loud and clear I still have n't been able to meet up with anyone .
in the ' raid ' of Hamburg phosphor bombs were used .
California tried to pass a law requiring bio-metric fingerprint ID technology on guns last year ; SB 283 ..
You educate your kids your way and let others do the same .
I mean you can find tons of pictures of people in the Middle East , India , North Africa , etc , whose physical appearance is no different from that of a European 's .
And for all those negroes out there , history starts with the written word .
I include myself in those who need to grow a set of balls .
When I was in grammar school I would go to the library every few days and get a new Hardy Boys book .
I 'm sorry , I 've only got this Kazoo but ' ' Welcome Aboard ' ' just the same .
I can not get a stafford loan because of the stupid school i go to refuses to do student loans so they turned me down .
Just shows the absurdity of Obamamania : an athletic white woman attacks one libtard to proclaim the holiness of another libtard who may be worse !
I dont believe i or anyone living today brought you here or wanted you here .
http: //www.cbc.ca/storyview/AOL/worl...ts-050802.html My dads good friend left for Sudan about a week ago for a Bonb Disposal company on a three month assigment .
P.S. - poster above me is just a damn unsuccessful troll
This wont last , so jump on it .
Any suggestions on what I should get ?
I believe that every manufacturer uses the same thread for their dies and their die press .
Listen, I admire you for wanting to make the negroes feel better about themselves , but the evidence FOR race is overwhelming .
You picked a poor time to start such a thread seeing as how just this week the IRA were categorically cleared of all paramilitary/terrorist/illegal activity .
I 'm all alone and looking for companionship , where 'd all the good girls go ? send me a pm or email at skin14 _ 88@hotmail.com
Will someone kindly tell me how to enter my signature ?
You have given no evidence of anything you have said .
Non Whites hate White people plain and simple.They are taught from birth that White people are the cause of all the problems in the world and every bad thing that happens is because of evil racist White people .
Jesus Christ is Lord indeed .
Maybe this was mentioned in an earlier post but what about `` online '' home schooling ?
And yet they attacked the SDL for attempting to publicly mourn the violent death of a white man racially murdered by two paki men !
Has it gone or can I just not find it ?
They are white kids who want to be black .
Trying to find out where to buy a copy of White Power that either ships to England or can be bought in England
Perhaps get out and put up some BNP stickers .
This is a forum for people who support the white nationalist cause and I am one of those people , thus I have a right to speak .
Playing lightly on or over a surface ; flickering ; as , `` a lambent flame ; lambent shadows . '' 2 .
i dont get to newport very often but whenever i do go its got loads of asians wandering around , mostly muslim by the looks of them. i live a couple of valleys over from there .
I mean , who knows ; should n't they watch out ? , they might end up on a terrorism blacklist ...
Do a search on kissing pranks on youtube .
This is from the back-file at Stormfront 's Advanced Scout forum which is solely devoted to promoting the Pioneer Litte Europe strategy .
Beware of the falling house prices that Negroes bring with them ( another reason why you 'll never find them living near politicans ) .
White girls and no other , even asian guys are attracted to white girls all we can do is pray for these people !
It's funny to see a guy make fun of us and call us dumb rednecks when he spells on a 5th grade level .
This is after a famous incident of former Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau , who gave the finger to a group of protesters who were yelling anti-french sayings at him .
Older folks are more interesting and have so much to offer .
I have no idea why they always have to fight each other when there are more important things they should do .
When the tea party people have a event and very few minorities show up its the White tea party people who are racist .
You shall know of where to go from there , gille. or . . .
It took them just ten years to do this to Dublin .
Ya got a virgin shooter .
London nowadays is more dangerous for tourists than Zimbabwe Like the above poster says do n't go to London just go someplace else that is much better like Bath or Stratford Upon Avon ( Shakespeare Birthplace ) Londonistan is a craphole
What makes it suck are the Jews that run it and the Blacks that play in it .
35109
Freehold !!!
We need immigrants.Reality is kicking in for a lot of people who were all for immigration.The Blacks put up in hotels and Irish on the dole.Story here www.independent.ie
In this newest video I am posting it is relevant to this particular thread at 3 : 55 mark , though I suggest watching the WHOLE THING !
We thank you for your support !
Now isn t that stylish Nothing says Sick in the head like chaining yourself to a crack heads baby .
They are n't a band they are a group. like a white pride group. they are pretty big , they 've been on tv quite a few times .
Lol ( obviously not 90s .. but it would be 50 up here and 30 in Florida .
The lawsuit , filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court last week , is the latest in a string of cases against the company and the jew Charney including five sexual harassment cases that have been settled , dismissed or placed in arbitration .
Oh my god .
The one thing the enemy does n't want is a motivated and unifed white world wide network that is both rich in money and ideas .
Racist woman rant in London part 1 - YouTube ORIGINAL Racist Black Girls Fighting , South London Railway Balham to Mitcham 18.11.2011 - YouTube
I 'm not sure if these guys are reds but I like this song .
It is as good as anywhere in the world ..
Norway : 3.3 ( 2001 ) ,
    3.9 ( 2002 ) ,
    3.5 ( 2003 ) ,
    1.8 ( 2004 ) . ( assuming population of 4.5 million ) Sweden : 2.6 ( 2001 ) ,
    3.7 ( 2002 ) ,
    3.5 ( 2003 ) ,
    2.6 ( 2004 ) . ( assuming population of 8.9 million ) Iceland is at about 0.2 .
4. subjects taught Anything the students want or need .
They should make all know about this book his friends as that they know like are the things , we need that all the whites know like they are the things and the Jewish threat and negroid on our race .
What will it look like ?
I remember months ago there was a thread with a complaint about a classmate who wrongfully claimed to be hispanic , just in order to receive affirmative action benefits .
I need to get pics of her tonight when I get done shaving her .
Opps .
I played D2 for years as a way to pass the time but I got bored waiting on v1.10 to be released and stopped playing .
I have a .40 sub compact and a .40 XDM .
You sound like an intelligent person but how can you say that we need to remove race from our message when that is our message .
I hear Liberia is nice this time of the year .
Whites are far too comfortable over here ; every night is party night , so to speak .
Pretty bad when you have to hide yourself or your identity in a supposedly free country .
Please check out my add on this singles site and if you are interested send me a e-mail with your photo and I will get back to you. redbarron
Never.
We 're also looking for people to sign our petition and give their opinions on the topic .
It was a brutal war .
I love Edward Hopper 's work .
Unfortunately for the poor Japanese , their island is getting very crowded now .
I have long loved Tchaikovsky ballets and Mussorgsky operas and now I enjoy Russian traditional music as well .
It 's been all white power music .
This might take the cake of the biggest load of bullsh ! t the Jews have tried to pass by the goyim .
Can we have a warning before pictures like that are posted on here please ?
Peter the Great .
Hey I 'm not really new to browsing the forums but i 've only just got his account and have decided to become more active online and in day to day life .
Mary Gow .
Let's change subject for a while , here is a song from one of my favorite movies in last 10 years , do n't know do you like Bourne ?
That's easily solved .
Post the topics discussed in class as they come up on this thread .
Though I have had problems at one or two that were groid infested elsewhere getting stale bread etc so will no go to any that have lotsof groids working in them .
If a white person wants to do well at any kind of academic subject , languages , art etc etc. then simply fill your essays with racial integration , feminism and the love of other cultures and the like and you 'll be fine !
Holocaust is a Holohoax .
No, the picture thread took care of that !
hey im new on this site , what im looking for is a beutifull aryan woman to spend my days with.im in columbus , ohio.looking for my mate to live in columbus or surrounding areas. im 30 yrs old , ( but look 20 or so ) light brown hair , blue eyes.proffesional service technician , with alot of interest. if your looking fr near the same get ahold of me . eric
Great thread Here is one to do with parking .
Advance Auto Parts on their store poster features a black male and white female counter clerks.One of the most widespread examples of race mixing is your local and national news anchor teams , almost always a black male and white female .
Semmelweis University , Department of Forensic Medicine , Budapest , Hungary ,
    1091 2 .
I'll look the ballistics up .
I'm a WN from NJ , Ive been looking for others in NJ for awhile , where about in NJ are u ?
I keep telling people about things like this , and they never believe me .
What gets me is in absolutely no way would I behave in such a fashion in a foreign country , that is totally disrespectful .
As the pace of retailer collapse accelerates in 2009, larger malls will begin to go dark .
We should at least try to better educate them then , and they should at least want to learn more of the ideology .
Some graduate programs will cater to working professionals and will do the bulk of the classes on line with only one or two days per month actually on campus .
There will be no change as long as White people perpetuate the excuses and profit from being the enablers of such behavior .
Being the asocial person I am , I preferred fewer people .
But you must know that caucasians is not like blacks , they just animals and subhumans .
I 'm 16yrs old and the only person in my family who seems to believe in preservation of our race .
If her eyes linger ................................... she 's yours .
I was also surprised how many people were able to fit inside your clubhouse but was very happy to see so many people .
Like I 've said before , Kevin Myers has always been a voice for us here in Ireland .
This was taken Monday morning .
No it is not a joke , we have a very high standard education system here in Ireland ..
The problem arises is that the same Whites who will march for Black Pride will call a White March racist .
The site become legendary www.ns-wp.cc has again opened video section is accessible http: //ns-wp.cc/index.php ? option = com _ jdownloads & Itemid = 5 & task = view.download & cid = 2 New Year 's congratulation http://ns-wp.cc/index.php ? option = com _ jdownloads & Itemid = 5 & task = view.download & cid = 3 Flying untermench
It was great I got to tell my funny jokes and get a reaction .
And anyone who reads it is asked to bump it into view ( by simply commenting ) for the many others who need know .
They should be tried for being accessories to murder !!!!!!!!!!!!
I was wondering if the anti 's have forums like Stormfront , and if so , what are they - feel free to PM me with the details .
It looks like it 's not likely to go anywhere , but this could potentially trigger a panic buying frenzy which would make armor hard to find and jack prices thru the roof overnite .
She was tortured and mutilated .
well i was thinking human and i agree i think there could be some good in it providing it was wortrh it !
I think your right about the R meaning registered trade mark .
THANKS AGAIN !
He is a jewish puppet .
I went through that experience moving within the same county .
We 've got big plans for our country .
Do you have huge numbers of all the various turd to urine coloured rainbow of third worlders like many parts of Canada ?
I agree with your definition of homeland however .
Or hide it behind a link or something ?
Shame on those white Germans to be born to like their own race the most .
This film makes my soul ache seeing man 's inhumanity to man in live color .
Both are valid .
That 's winning activism .
Buster
But you can put together something close .
Streicher posed as a rabbi , then took her money -- promising to use it to purchase a torah , but instead pocketing it , a jury found in convicting him of grand larceny in April .
Who knows how much longer that will be for any of us. ~
These are the essentials if you would to add more thats up to you .
This is a great resource , but they have practically no pro-White books in their library .
I go to school in southeastern ohio now .
And this same teacher will call the Germans evil because they taught their school children the same thing about the jews .
Hey Summer I live in Florida !
It has a Camp for fathers and sons , called the `` Call to Chivalry '' .
God 's own divine intervention , aided by Jewish money swindled from the goyim .
You may as well think of it as the blood of an animal .
`` Cat in the Hat '' message is to have a great time behind mom 's back and to then lie to her about it .
It is always nice to meet people who have the same views as yourself .
Second to the last stat : virtually all gang rapes in Sweden are committed by non-whites .
Someone who ca n't get their point across without using a hundred curse words does n't even deserve to be answered .
No one was eating cow dung when the Whites ran it and it was called Rhodesia .
Yes that game is pretty good its truly 100 % negroid killing action aka mini RAHOWA But i would like to see a expansion set of it ........................ next mission in harlem : laugh that would be perfect then .
Who is asking you to ?
More double standards .
Why do you feel a need to talk about this publicly ?
There was no question at any time that they may have some mud in the blood .
I wanted to get some opinions from Stormfront members on this Jewish crap my son brought home from public school .
The Swedish Flag today was presented by a Nigerian Girl at the House of the President of Ireland , during the European Union Expansion Ceremony .
Yea, I 'm not sure it 's authenithic .
Ill post more .
Originally it was a good luck symbol .
The French and Russians should speak their own native languages , but French and Russian schoolchildren should learn German at school instead of English .
The reason large white families were encouraged those days was to build up the population of white Germans , which were ravaged by the jewish attacks at them during WW1 and in hyperinflation 1920 's .
Also lots of bear .
I went to high school with f * ckers just like the guy in the original video .
Oh that reminds me of my high school days in IT lessons making 30 Apple Mac 's on Clarisworks simultaneously say `` Mr Carey has death breath ''
Oh, you 'd better believe they do .
Land prices are slowly rising up here because of tourism , but only get crazy when you get closer to traverse city .
Whites shoudl clean their own mess !
I swear , you ca n't take us anywhere .....
There will be a show in socal in early June .
To this date , none of Dr. Martin L King 's children have had children of their own .
I accidentally pushed some button , I do n't know which .
I know people have posted this link on StormFront before but I think this is one of the easiest ways to become involved .
i agree the defence is legitimate ,
    100 % . but the taking up of arms against and killing of other whites is the very last thing we need to succeed in our cause .
Judeo-Christians seem to focus on the idea that Jesus was a Jewish carpenter , from the line of Jewish king David .
They have no allegiance to Ukraine , their allegiance is to their god of money , power and the eternal enslavement of the hated goyim .
This is exactly what the Truth Movement needs more of !
BOOK : Tell the Truth and Shame the Devil `` Tell the Truth and Shame the Devil '' in English and German .
-Nordenwulf
Was at Walmart the other day and for 100 rounds it 's about $ 25 for 9mm , and about $ 40 for .40 and .45 .
Well they have got to be more aware then the idiots we have over here absorbing all the bs with there little sponge brains .
I was dressed as the `` Gorton 's Fisherman ; Trust Me ! '' complete with grey beard , yellow rain-slicker , and ship 's wheel .
I hope you respond .
All I ask is to PLEASE be careful when responding to threads like this .
We need to start a pool on stormfront and use the money to buy this place .
Now learn your ballet ! : P - Zoë
Iron sights .
What would people say ?
This is pretty much perversion indoctrination to kindergardeners .
I am currently attending high school .
I wonder if he spends a lot of time trying to figure out how he got confined to the Open Forums .
Male or female .
Ð ÐµÑ Ð ° Ð '' Ð 3\/4Ð1\/2Ð¸ÑÐ°-ÑÑÐ´Ð3\/4ÐÑÐµÑ Ð ² ÐµÑ Ðµ Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð ³ Ð 3\/4ÑÐ3\/4Ð´Ð¸ÑÐµ1.
Human Remains Found in Abandoned Hospital - YouTube
Dr.
The yellow ribbon says it all !
'Civilization ' is a very contemporary , yet PC-free history of Western Europe .
There was an article in Sunday 's New York Post , about some Jew Fag that was stalking a famous fag `` Anderson Cooper '' .
hi there , well thank you very much for your reply. it means alot that someone took the time to. i really envy your job. i want it lol. so were abouts are you from ?
I urge all White Nationalist in this area to do the same .
If so , why ?
You are NOT a worthless white .
During the early punk scene , he was always seen decked out in a Union flag blazer , then all a sudden , an instant nationality transplant .
Always a need to keep the military spear sharp .
Hey i just wanted to see how many true white weman are around on these forums from Long Island or even New York since most white chicks here are * * * * * * lovers .
We are ALL on the same bloddy side !
Well its strange that 's Tesak start anti gay/pedo video near the same moment when Putin do the anti gay propagand law .
It could n't have anything to do with ethnicity/culture in its entirety where it does n't belong .
God Bless
And I like a slight tape hiss ( or needle crackle ) in a vintage recording , though it disappears when the music gets louder .
Good fences make for good neighbors .
https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/showthread.php ? t = 253531
Well for all of my friends down there , we all got thrown out of the big local bar in this little town and it 's all my fault hahahahahaha I do n't think we 'll be welcome back for a LONG time .
We shall see .
Don't take me wrong but a pig is a pig in any country and such is the actress who played the part on this show .
One can only express sympathy to the families of those people who died regardless of whether they were protesters , police , or pro-government .
hmm, wonder if we can get them to jump in the river if we put an ad on TV that there is billions in gold at the bottom of the river ?
I find this news to be astonishing .
Of course , it 's obvious why the Belgians outscored the `` Americans '' .
if its such a big deal that you need to talk about it , yes. you are a non-white. you might as well be fully mongol .
Equals to white and future ally .
I saw the picture before I saw the title properly .
I believe this was posted before but had no sound and the victim 's face was blurred .
In Sweden most people receives SVT 1, SVT 2, TV 3, TV 4, Kanal 5 and ZTV SVT 1 and SVT 2 are state owned and mostly show socialistic propaganda .
I'd start with Justin and all the living Prime Ministers , I would even have Trudeau seniors corpse pulled out from the wall of the family mauseleum and decapitated for good measure .
You might want to phone your favorite radio show host Alex Jones and educate him about the bankers .
The holocaust never existed except in the minds of the people who believed it .
Where in South Jesery are you ?
Maximum resistance towards Zog !
It 's deadly serious business ...
Less talk and more activism !
Great,i didnt knew you guys opened this thread Their accent will be super funny for you , but this Belgrade Band is singing some of the most famous Irish and Celtic songs .
Only posts in English , please !
Teach them to respect .
Perhaps when I retire .
Agreed, The Blacks and Hispanics should have their own school only for them and have worse education than the children whites like that might not compete with our children whites .
Spanking him would hurt alot less !
I'm sure the negro had it coming .
As far as I know there is no russophobia in Belarus .
I think that it is fair to say that the National Alliance is a secular organization that has taken a specific stance against multicultural Christianity for political reasons and has also had prominent members who have promoted non-Christian religions or spiritual paths .
you have a moral duty as an upstanding citizen and white person to have that baby removed from her wretched hands and have it be properly cared for. to hell with your degenerate friend , put your fear aside and do whats right for the baby 's sake .
seven billion `` Humans '' on the planet and with Open borders , H1-b visas , fake social security numbers , colleges hiring foreign nationals over White Legal Americans , and Obama 's Amnesty on line with an apathetic public ,
    ,
    , well , dye your skin black and unlearn your english and you might get a good job .
Let me see if I can find them for you .
I do n't know ... if afrocant 's do n't slather their skin several times a day with cocoa butter lotion it takes on a definite crocodilian appearance .
Is it Hansel and Gretel , where the clever young German kids throw the evil old witch into her own oven and cook her ?
I 'm 24 yrs old and live in MN .
Hi, Yes anywhere in the maritimes is full of culture and if you like old fashioned values and a very white city go to St. John 's Newfoundland .
I am not expecting six figures a year but would like to be comfortable .
Well that 's good to hear .
Unreal .
I believe their presence in your country led to the legislative inception of these permits .
Normally not a fan of beer but it was cheap and pretty good .
They get to see thousands of years of History and Culture and Bloodlines destroyed .
When Jimmy snapped the pass to Johnny he dropped the ball , then recovered it on his own 36 yard line .
More on Jamaica YouTube - Fighting rages in Jamaica Notice that this video was made by Al-Jazera Major Chimpout Warning !
i have gripfasts. shoes and boots. the boots i have only worn once. i should break them in more. and the shoes are ' dressier ' .
I enjoy Classical music .
Looking to become more active and make more friends in the White nationalist community in southern California .
I 'm glad we were able to get back to NS in the NS thread .
I dont yell at members for asking questions and the answer is we do have many other candidates going to run .
It seems to mean anything that involves some place where the true white brit can meet and enjoy themselves is gradualy being shut or knocked down probably replace them with mosques .
I 'm going off to college in about 6 months and i 'm wondering how you college guys prepared for it/payed for it. any tips ?
The Hubble images were combined with images from the Keck telescopes taken on Aug. 20,
    21,
    30, and 31 to measure the satellite 's orbit and calculate a mass for Eris , which is the largest dwarf planet in the solar system .
Can someone tell Me when I can find any mp3 of CEBEPHIbE BPATA ?
You think outside the sheep box in this movement then the usual suspects will hound you down untill you get back in line sad but true
Stay for Gel test .
Teach our men to be men again and defend our countries and women folk against the non white .
When I was young , gun shows were just that .
Will be able to elect our own mayor soon .
Exactly.
Disgusting.....
Loopwheels: for a smoother , more comfortable bicycle ride by Sam Pearce & mdash ; Kickstarter https : //s3.amazonaws.com/ksr/assets/ ... jpg ? 1364315377 https : //s3.amazonaws.com/ksr/assets/ ... JPG ? 1366027343 I like the optical illusion of solid mag wheels produced by the spring wheels .
A negro teacher forced a five year old white boy to stand in front of his class .
What is better ?
I knew that we would find out that it was the ' new Irish ' cultural enrichers behind this when I read the story yesterday !
If White celebrities had lots of children that 'd set the dangerous example that Whites should n't stop at 1 - 2 .
Hope fully `` Next year in Jerusalem '' as they say .
Now it is also the largest American owned brewery .
You are very handsome and your attitudes about your daughter are right where they should be !
In all likelyhood , it 's jews painting the road of skank for her to follow .
WP
I bought a Glock too , and shot about 2,
    000 rounds out of it last year .
YouTube - Orangutan Towan Paints at Woodland Park Zoo , HD
www.newsnet14.com www.theforbiddentruth.net 14/88
General1812 I think maybe they now starting to have cold feet ; as the race who have feed them will die out .
Lines ?
US-based Human Rights Watch says thousands have been raped by rebels and soldiers in the past six months .
Their singing was too cute .
I apologize for my ignorance .
In my opinion he is god like and I take inspiration from him every day .
This is an awesome post !
there's no need for me to say anything ... all is said in the image of thaat old white guy in the end of one of the first videos .
I do n't want sheeps , I preffer girls .
I'm new to this so here it goes Looking for WP Girl in Ft.Worth Texas 18-35 That likes the Outdoors and partying E-Mail Address in profile
That describes the mooleys very well , the signature haymaker .
Typical
Public school is no place for our children .
When ever I see these white children murdered by these sub humans it makes me so angry I could cry .
Mongol England .
YouTube - Blacks Attack White Man On Subway YouTube - White Girl Beaten On A Bus By Blacks YouTube - Black gang attack-Tottenham High Road N1 .
According to the ICSC , about 150,
    000 stores are anticipated to shut down in 2009, which adds to the 150,
    000 that closed in 2008 and 135,
    000 in 2007 .
That was on a sheet of paper , and I take it you meant bull sheet ( as other poster said it before )
White doll black doll ....
There are so many race mixing ads on TV that it gets overwhelming .
The first and most absolute priority is maintaining core body temperature , a 100 bucks will do that .
2 Years of foreign language is mandatory to graduate from my school .
Last time I kissed her .... yesterday .
First they give us sars then they are standing by watching the law get broken , WTF !?
Anyone have a link to watch the Rousey / Correia fight online ?
I suspect they took them because a few of the guys behind were talking about how they had 7k rounds of.22 stocked .
At least skip ahead to 9 : 50 and watch the final minute .
What, like blowing up old ladies and little kids ?
He sort of looks like an English football player or is that a French football player ?
February 1954. ) , and she graduated from the Faculty of Dramatic Arts of the University of Belgrade as an actor .
I wonder if this is the reason American colonial officers like George Washington could not get a British army commission ?
I very much doubt anybody else will ask me because hardly anybody else goes on like you .
That would be too expensive .
He was checking her lines , bad actors ca n't help themselves from doing this .
The natural royality of the planet was not the posing apes , but the Overman .
To love ones people in these dark ages is considered a weakness to be exploited .
im kind of curious what all of you think .
I used to know several guys at various times turn to this for this purpose
.
put the kids in a ophanage and arrest the whore of a mother to a point of not having more biracial kids 8 kids have to suffer all their lives to due a whore
What are the odds that flags will be ordered at half staff for this communist Negro terrorist , in the United States ?
Can you please give the info on the facts of who the Celts were or direct to where the information is ?
We have too many foreigners in our country and i fear for the future of all English people .
It actively teaches kids to be PC , but it is still useful .
Not just that , but many people who adopt kids are capable of making their own pure white children .
But what do you expect with a homosexual Muslim as the mayor ?
they need to feel it on their skin , so next time they wont give my land to the some subhuman muslim dogs .
Both my first and last name are of Scottish origin .
Hope it 's not a re-post in any way shape or form .
Here 's some good anime : `` Cowboy Bebop '' ( real title is `` Heaven 's Gate '' ) [ generally ok for kids
    ] `` Akira '' [ a little disturbing for youngsters
    ] `` Princess Mononoke '' [ kid ok
    ] `` Spirited Away '' [ kid ok
    ] `` Robotech '' [ kid ok
    ] `` Golgo 13 '' [ violent
    ] `` Ninja Scrolls '' [ violent , sexual situations
    ] `` Vampire Hunter D '' [ violent
    ] `` Animatrix '' [ violent - mature kids only
    ] Check out `` adult swim '' on Comedy Central late at night .
Last two times I saw , I saw zero )
A has been from a genre called `` grunge rock '' AKA sheety music popular around 20 years ago I did n't like them then and now ... same consensus Pearl Jam - Jeremy - YouTube
It would be nice to see Negro leaders like that take charge and lead their people home .
F * * k the bloods and crips , cops are the worst gang going !
I know they live in Germany .
hello all glad to be in a community of proud white folk just a shame its online as opposed to leaving the front door none the less im honoured to be here
I guess this could be added to the classes available section soon at the website ?
In concerns of ' chaos ' , within Greek mythology Chaos was held to be the primal space between heaven and earth , being mother to all substances arising from air .
OV topics really do come in waves .
This looks like a nice little town ( on paper ) .
I will be purchasing the kit next week .
When there , have many children .
More please .
Probably, especially if they are legitimate refugees from a war conflict , as opposed to the fake black and brown refugees that are flooding the country now .
And that small group , properly radicalized , is the target audience of our propaganda efforts and shall be the nucleus of the new order of the ages
Mithotyn yea maybe in Germany and other Western European countries nazis are banned from everywhere , but in Bulgaria u can live , * * * * gypsies and some * * * * * * s/not much = 15-20 ppl in my town / u can dress like skin and beat punks/not much 15-20 guys / and ..... just u can do everything but if u live here u will not have money ( hehe i will cut some of my fingers if someone american come to live in Bulgaria ...
Then why not simply copy this text ( & links ) and paste it into the description box of your YouTube videos ?
Anyone who has not visited the PLE-UK web site for some time is invited to return , as there 's a new introduction there on how `` The history of Britain is the history of those who held living space . ''
The negro is for White genocide , and I have nothing for the negro , not even sympathy in any way .
They are completely different from us and should not be living within sight of us , go back to Africa and die out .
First I 'm not from Moldavia ...
I wanted to run for politics as well but I realized there is no hope as society is way too liberal .
14/88
It has a lot of useful videos free to download on it .
So I do n't know what to think ?
Professor Kassin 's research focuses on the remarkable phenomenon of false confessions in criminal investigations--which are far more common than one might expect .
I believe that Ireland needs a WN party and quite quickly after the amount of non whites that I seen while in Dublin .
Is n't that terrible ?
Seems like our message is getting to the right people .
Careful man , People on SF do n't like Asians bashing .
I think you underestimate how many times I have actually taken different tests .
That 's like the class where you get credit for learning how to sleep .
Yes, and you are wasting the time that you could be spending out in the real world and communicating White Nationalism to the man and woman on the street .
Intellectual morons , or educated idiots , are good phrases to describe them .
This one is within jogging distance : Police Shoot , Kill NY Fugitive In Jax Man Shot Several Times In Hail Of Gunfire POSTED : Friday , February 11,
    2011 JACKSONVILLE , Fla.
At this point I will assume the media is lying about everything other than a Negro being arrested for his murder .
This was a bad move by the Jew puppets .
I bet you can see the Mexic-ants from space with the Google Earth. photo ants on picnic table CYF salt of the earth
Sergey Brin claims his family were victims of `` anti-semitism . ''
Since you guys are opposed to miscegenation , I wonder what you think of yourselves being mixed .
The fact that she s casually announced this to the country functions as a make-shift IQ test right there . That s because of your reputation ; not your looks , love .
It puts a warm smile on my face every year .
Normal hair is no fun Braveheart .... Nature intended us to be white , having normal color hair was just an eXtra .
The Bible itself though is full of contradictions and you can mis-judge how things are meant .
Of all people , the Germans have learned this lesson best , I think .
This is where their `` I 'm a bad ass , I can do whatever I want '' attitute comes from .
Where in Alabama are you ?
..now is a good time to get it .
One school that stood out was an elementary schoolI was sent to that was 100 % black .
I've used FireFox for over a year now .
`` Parkelj '' is the companion to the Christian St. Nicholaus ( Miklavž ) each year : And here we celebrate Jarilo every year under the name `` Zeleni Jurij '' :
As bad as things are here , at least we can carry guns around .
More ethnic crime .
Real shocking ... i was realy upset afterwards
Well I guess it was bound to happen .
Not free , but great for programming , business , and design learning , Lynda.com.
But I bet They knew exactly why to let it appear on television , only to create a bigger tension between the gypsies and the czechs .
Next week is Thanksgiving .
Just because we can `` breed '' does n't mean we should .
Restaurant " ? "
I have searched the User CP section but cannot find any way to do it !
I have a lot of respect for teachers because I know I could n't do it in these times .
Children of Germany : more at Kinder Deutschlands | Alle Inhalte | DW.DE | 04.06.2014 Text says she is from Portugal , but looks racially mixed .
I Can tell you right now if a black mob is threatening my life and burning my town I 'm going to start shooting .
When I was about her age I had a a close Swedish female friend whose Swedish family and friends I also met , all of them looked far better than this contestant .
www.natall.com
YouTube - Jeremiah Wright - God Damn America - Obama 's Spiritual Mentor / Pastor
I do n't see it .
Bobby van Jaarsveld - Kyk Waar Is Ons Nou [ Official Music Video
    ] - YouTube We can all have a dance and feel good for a while .
The recent statewide flyering campaign that blanketed Colorado in White racialist leaflets and garnered headlines in just about every Colorado newspaper and many TV stations is just one example .
Yes most certainly now you need to recruit more of you friends an such to join Stormfront and help our movement !
But the best are here , they certainly are n't africans - multiculturalism is the funeral pyre of a society , & those who welcome it are either fools or traitors
He should sue for racism .
That could be cool !
Not to mention the sick Asian perversion many white men have .
Or another type :
Like they all have gay and lesbian friends for one and if you say you think homosexuality is an abomination then that is your last date .
Over two thousand dollars damage and several hours to clean up .
All of them plus tens of thousands of their relatives will get to stay here .
Whites are the minority in the World .
It 's obvious the International Jew has big plans for Ukraine now .
i was going to say that sod it i will say it any way F .. K you too , and F .. K off .
I have to help I WILL NOT see these animals go free !!
All we here an Stormfront Britain are saying is that MASS white immigration is detrimental to OUR nation for the reasons we have given time after time .
I met her in person a month or two ago , she has n't been back on stormfront , I have n't even seen her on AIM lately , I 'd say email is your best hope of contacting her .
Tom, follow the links following this message if want to be prouductive ; otherwise we have to delete the messages of those who spread the message of non-community and defeat .
If she continues worshipping negroes and homos the odds are good this scenario will repeat .
Asmodean
Our government has been in the practice of tearing down the white race to raise the non white minority races by forcing diversity and multiculturalism down white people 's throats .
Markus Riikonen http: //www.angelfire.com/hi5/himalajafoundation 32
I do n't encourage race mixing by the way .
May be SF Ireland could apply to the funding , as it 's working hard to improve White racial relations in the Community ?
They want to control the masses , and are doing it in every major institution , including schools .
Anyone who 's been to Newark knows that it 's pretty much a third world country .
And it 's true !
Rifles ?
I would never homeschool my kids , or send them to public schools .
Have you ever ridden your dirt bike to Florida ?
[ COLOR = `` Red ''
    ] FOREVER WHITE AND PROUD TON
Is this the Obama Civilian Defense Force under a different name ?
We should have a new version of the old Plantation system where every white person on earth makes millions of dollars off of the enslaved labor of all the non-Whites in the world .
Ireland is a strange place for ethnics as there is no pakis But there main ethnic problem is Chinese and Africans Did not see much race mixing among men when I was over last time
These ' people ' are just scum .
I can find my way out of the building on my own , thank you .
The main drawback is the potential for excess mercury .
The largest age demographic for users on this site are in their 20s or early 30s .
`` I wanna look just like that skinny white lady , just black and beautiful . '' * shakes his head *
The Jellyfish Nebula is about 5,
    000 light-years away .
During the 19th century , attributing human feelings to animals was generally considered to be more sentimentality than science .
Then keep changing the name of the file as new movies come out .
Free ride for 4 years without grades involved , State champ band , I know the coons hate that , White boy got ryhtm , !!!!!!!! 3.88 gpa will kick in soon .
You cant protest there for this ?
Hi, my name is Chris and I want to thank the English nation for being the people most responsible for the creation of the USA and Canada .
Many many religious people are just following their programming , mixed in with a little personal interpretation and maybe a voice or two in their heads .
Do non Whites really think they measure up to Whites ?
I would love to hear her do this song today .
Yes, I have seen that so many times .
I had to start a new thread seeing as this thread was no longer functioning properly .
I've always like this topic and found that if not in a classroom I could enjoy a teacher talking on the topic from a video camera session with maybe someone doing Powerpoint edits , hint , hint .
This is from a black forum , they are not happy about this .
She turns 7 tomorrow .
We are part of the thraco-celtic ethnic group .
I saw your girls on VH1 , too .
I 'll have a look around and try and get them up for people to see .
They are no better than their daughters , they should have disowned them instead of parading a kid around town that looks nothing like them .
Karina Sorensen is a member of the Danish Peoples Party , a pro-Danish heritage party .
I've tried to meet for coffee with a few people but everybody is really spread out , it 's tough to find the time to go out and meet like minded people .
I readNesta Webster , Gary Allen , Douglad reed and the Protocols over30 yrs ago and I feel sorry for you who cannot work roundit or throughit .
To post it on a public message board is just inviting disaster .
Meta you are currently the fittest person I have ever saw on the stormfront site And thats against some pretty stiff competition as well
Their best songs are Rule the World , Grateful Man , and Rahowa .
I just do n't have the extra concern to care about Tibet ...
Interview with Herman Rosenblat : A Holocaust liar https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = HPzxTQ3t1wU
www.natvan.com
I have no problem cleaning my own toilets infact I dont even hate it because after im done I know that there be the cleanest dang place for my buttocks to be sitting on the next time there is a need for a bowel movement .
After watching television I can spot a Jew like that .
Sveiks !
WPWW - eddie
Absolutely!
What about FMJ ( Full Metal Jacket ) bullet ?
2-Year-Old Dies Of Rape , Mammy 's Boonfren ' Charged - NNN Reporters Newsroom Forum Dekalb 2-Year-Old Dead ; Caregiver Charged Police Say Child Was Abused POSTED : 10 : 41 pm EDT October 2,
    2010 UPDATED : 11 : 51 pm EDT October 3,
    2010 Dekalb 2-Year-Old Dead ; Caregiver Charged - DeKalb County Headlines News Story - WGCL Atlanta
Nationalists join the people of Ireland to attend the Rally For Life March in Dublin .
YouTube - Hell 's coming with me
http: //foreignaffairs.gov.ie/home/index.aspx ? id = 87353
Lets see what he says .
ANY poster on here that does not accept White Genocide is our NUMBER ONE priority is either delusional , still partly brain washed or likes to eat Bagels .
I 'd like a cozy house with an outdoor fire pit , for parties and grilling , for instance , lol .
FBI : Chicago officially America 's murder capital | Fox News
You changed your name .
All of ukraine is Russia/Poland/Romania , you fake ukrainians .
Fair enough .
Shocking .
My tongue ring is back where it 's suppose to be but the bottom ball caught my teeth causing the barbell to go at an angel which makes it look closer to the tip .
That lady is short next to everyone else .
Then we will see who is afraid to leave thier homes after dark or venture into the wrong ' hood .
It was gross .
Burlington coat factory opening .
First kiss was behind the church door in third grade .
My website Racial Observer offers many free e-books and you can check out our hardcover and paperback catalog at Racial Observer Books
I hope it gets the coverage it deserves and that white people need .
He can go pollute some other pool with his disgusting paedophilia .
Then we need to establish a national day of mourning about past traitors and the harm which they caused to our people and the whole nation .
I myself like to use Euro pride world wide in a collective effort .
Let me know !
Once again ..
Let 's just hope this is n't worst case scenario .
I applaud them for their nationalism , they are proud of their race , and they have their territories which they have built communities on .
wtf is feminist about a child speaking out against being trafficked to an old pedophile or anyone else objecting to pedophilia ?
- White GeNOcide Project
They go around school acting like being half White/half black or half White/half asian is something to be proud of .
Its the rural towns that would allow a community to go unnoticed and unattacked at first .
Many thanks for the suggestions and pictures .
Msciwoj
Words of old wisdom , `` proverbs '' : `` Paljon puhetta , vähän villoja '' - ( context : shearing ) `` Lot ´ s of talk , few of wool '' ( meaning : shut up and do your work ) `` Missä paljon puhetta , sieltä totuus kaukana '' - ( context : universal ) " , Truth is far away , where there ´ s much speech " ( meaning : blabbering for vanitys sake is not only useless but also a sin )
He suspected of taking a crap high atop the empire state building a few years ago right out in the open with people walking around ..
That's why people have more than one haplogroup again they mark genetic ancestry no one on the planet nowadays only has one ancestor
You use your handgun , to fight back to your shotgun !
I would like too see white people get together and get us a white pride day
I expect there will be half a dozen posters getting up on their soapboxes awful quickly ...
I never really thought about it before but I guess bicycling is primarily a white activity , kind of like sunbathing , going swimming , playing golf , tennis , attending a social function without a brawl taking place , not smelling like a wild animal in the locker room after a hard workout , and speaking proper English .
Right! if you have dark hair you 're not White if you have tanned skin you 're not White Luke Pasqulino is n't White either bang goes 50 percent of the Western and Eastern Mediterrenrean !
Take everything with a grain of salt for the wolves come in sheep clothing , your heart will know what is right .
I understand this post is depressing .
Pity Nationalists in Britain are busy fighting each other as opposed to uniting and pushing the cause to a wider audience .
Only scored a 120 .
Like any new group ; some you 'll like and some you wo n't .
What you say is true but bear in mind that what a person chooses to wear on the outside is a personal statement of what 's on the inside .
Get armor for your kids !
http: //www.thepost.ie/post/pages/p/s...726-qqqx=1.asp
They were in a living room sitting on the couch implying that they were a couple .
Thanks everybody for your input .
You could try looking at the National socialist and Fascist Resource Centre at http: //www.ufc.co.uk They cover a whole range of educational material .
Lots of ice fishing and fly fishing here , antelope , elk and moose too .
The chairman of the FA is one David Bernstein and , yes , he is a member of a certain tribe that delight in bringing diversity and the benefits of multi-culturalism and ' anti-racism ' , along with boatloads of third-worlders to Britain .
Their lies are so thick and many that people do n't see the truth when it is in front of them !
I'm white and my country is white and I 'm a nationalist , and I 've been on this forum for several years without problems .
You wo n't see any of them in a thread like this who do n't come just to take a cheap shot at us via strawman arguments or ad hominems .
I first shaved my head when I was 12 ( i 'm 19 now ) but I did it because I hate combing my hair .
Ready .... GO !!!
i've been going through your youtube channel and while i dont have a taste for opera may I say that you have an immaculate ear for music. really enjoyed the hans zimmer piece .
Where can i find a complete list of anti black fliers. that have to do with black on white crimes , interracial babys , black drug dealers , etc etc .
And I 've seen many Serbian members here trying to prove Serbs are the oldest people on Earth .
Let's not concern ourselves with an anti-GD video that barely has any views and will most likely only be watched by anarchists .
The guy in this is acting .
She was 27 years old and leaves behind a 5 year old daughter .
I can think of some yummier spots than the back of my head where I 'd like to be held. but that 's just me .
The raw footage of these beasts in their moments of candor is so much more revealing and persuasive for helping our fellow white brothers and sisters see the truth than a thousand books could ever be .
Sixteen Jones , Die Antwoord 's daughter - YouTube
At least people in the US have guns to defend themselves .
The only way you be able to do a photo like that today is to hire actors .
Imagine this as a pro Romney video with Ted Nugent in a black family 's home screaming at them to wake the bleep up .
His the little John of Ireland.Part of the system as the rest.When it comes down to it these types are more our enemy then the rest .
I 'm half german , my grandad served in the SS , so I wanted to see what he and his brothers did .
I spent quite a bit of time with April and driving around with my new van .
I was so shocked to see all those blacks when i moved to Holland : S
My kids in school are only around kids born within a few months of them and they rarely get to talk .
Are there any sources that state that it was Trotsky who reiceived the money and was responsible for destruction of Black Hundreds , as opposed to Lenin or another Bolshevik leader ?
The home learner 's site is down can someone maybe email these to me or send me a copy of each ?
No instead we will pump whitey full of chemicals via the food chain to reduce their collective IQ down to the level of blacks .
Love FireFox the most .
We have his handwritten account of the Battle of Shiloh , where he was with the 4th Tennessee ...
The kids were not allowed to talk .
Maybe H & K did not realize that blacks do n't buy firearms , they steal them .
I'm from France but it 's so hard to find any people who are proud to be white and who share the same ideas than me.Let me know ... :
London artist shot dead in South Africa protecting his family from gunmen in raid during wedding anniversary - Crime - News - London Evening Standard
Wait when did he single you out and call you a racist do you know him or have talk to him in person ?
Stupidity is it 's own punishment .
It 's massive .
The PLE that I join will be centered on MUSIC .
I hope that in Sunday we will have a healthy nationalist goverment .
Wow, maybe next time you should leave your little sister at home especially since you live in a highly non-white populated area .
Negroids have a very different hair type then whites , black hair is referring to there hair type and how they manage/take care of it because its different then ours .
I read that over 1500 cars participated .
Spanish is NOT their language !
I find that they dont share my views as some other buddies of mine would when it comes to White History and power .
These have had a glimps http: //video.google.co.uk/videoplay ? docid = 3664960863576873594 & hl = en-GB
So therefore they 're not the dumb brutes like blacks are .
You are not that bright are you ?
I've said all there is to be said on your ignorance and with that ; The village idiot , will always be , the village idiot .
They 're a waste of space and they 're filthy , tax payer robbing , mentally challenged , primitive , unintelligent cultural trash .
Hello Everyone on Stormfront Have heard a lot of good things about this forum so I have decided to take the plunge .
It is still owned by a branch of the same family that lived there in the 12th century ,
    33 generations ago .
88!
Because the bread starts off all pure and white but once toasted it is a dark brown shade and is dry and hard and doesnt taste like bread at all ?
Welcome to the Ku Klux Klan : Knights Party
Guys can you please tell me one thing What are good homeschooling programs with fast enrollment , free and for kids ? waiting for your reply
I think it 's quite ironic that they want to ban the burkha when they look like they are dressed in them themselves .
i use it as way to intimidae jew to show them that there are still people who are aginst them it did originate in Roman it was called the wariors salute
A simple lack of judgement caused this .
Japan REACTOR - RODS MELT !
Booklet updated on Feb. 14th ,
    2014 .
The only references that I 've found that appear to contain the information you seek seem to require some form of payment .
I put Neo-cons and Liberals in the same category as far as whites go .
Enjoy having multiculturalism shoved down your throat , fighting for Israel and having a black or Asian as your new best friend .
Well done .
Can you cite a source for that ?
I watch fights on gay parade in budapest together with my friends from hungary , we were together on vacation in one croatian island , it was great to watch how hungarian nationalists were smashing gay parade btw I have some hungarian blood , my grandmother was hungarian Kitartas !
I take fotos from alphabetical order , only select clear big fotos .
[ youtube
    ] JvxnrzB1Jk [ /youtube
    ] Put a semi auto belt fed on one of these .. Maybe a few in some vantage points ... That would make short work of some thugs ...
I am a stay at home dad and run several businesses from home and rearing kids IS work .
I opened this new thread because i think it 's important to talk about any problems , which do you you ( or someone else ) have .. in connection with non-whites ..
It 'll be a welcome change to see a fellow WN from seeing hundreds of lefty bastards going to see RATM .
No wonder this races achieve nothing .
But we 'll see .
Help your race , your cultural heritage and your genes survive , have children .
So that excludes uneducated third worlders .
As soon as I hear them uttering their monkey gibberish I feel like smashing my computer screen with my fist .
Meanwhile those nonwhites continue to breed even as their nonwhite societies continue to inflict their harsh uncivilized nonwhite culture on us .
Are there any majority white universities in South Africa ?
Maybe it would give him a better appreciation for math if he actually applied it to something while he was having fun .
Sources for Homeschooling Curriculum One of the biggest challenges for the homeschooling parent is finding good sources for educational materials and finding curriculum that is new , fresh and inexpensive .
If we got rid of all Asians in the country Canada would be massively white .
Click on the audio player at the link below .
Disagree.
That has been proven many times over by the Jew media in the U.S !
My big complaint is that it is freaking expensive .
The rounds I used to use in my 5.56 would cut through trees a foot thick and quarter inch steel like a hot knife through butter .
This was on the news tonight and I thought WTF Is this some kind of joke , I 'm sick of the West taking in the Worlds garbage
Interesting article about what to do with these evil persons who keep telling the truth and who don ´ t want to surrender ( in Danish )
A mate from school started talking about this group .
We could have so much more sports medals if our politicians and authorities were not such greedy bastards ...
This gay kill a young bulgarian man to protect some criminal brown gypsy from beating This is the true face of so-called `` anti-racist '' !
well hey as a skinhead of the holy war myself you have no need to start a gruop just join up with the out law church of the creator. : attack
Watch out for them one-droppers .
The Peter Green book is pretty good .
Uzi Tactical Pens Demonstration - YouTube ( I know Uzi is an Israeli company , but the video is pretty good and you can get a Smith and Wesson model. )
Further pictures and details from `` Greek and Roman Artillery Wiki '' .
I hope to compete myself .
The media will praise and encourage the non-white establishment while denoucing and degrading the White man 's establishments .
So Whites in the next generation are only 20 % of the population ... in their own homelands .
Welcome SourceX , I hope you will read more and maybe become a white nationalist , I refrain from calling myself a racist because I do n't hate other races but a white nationalist because I want to preserve my race and culture and to live in a white country .
Maybe they are unionized .
There are only two outspoken artists - Steve Hofmeyer and Sunette Bridges .
Full Story http: //www.abqtrib.com/news/2006/mar...uring-traffic/http://www.abqtrib.com/news/2006/apr...ion-of-return/http://www.abqtrib.com/news/2006/apr...-us-officials/http://www.abqtrib.com/news/2006/apr...ted-on-murder/http://www.abqtrib.com/news/2007/aug ... -astorga-case/
I plan on going to work and making myself some money .
Of course White race tend to be the smartest race and many of your nonwhites are either just too stupid to acknowledge that or just want to make use of your nonwhite stupidity to cause more misery to us who wish to seek the truth .
This is something we need to point out .
When it happens to your friends they will come to you for advise , and they will see you were right all along .
I wonder if Eddie has security guards present during his concerts or if he just relies on the overwhelming good will of the universe to keep him safe from the thousands upon thousands of screaming fans ?
The small Janj River The Una River by Novi Grad The Tara River in Republic of Srpska The Sava River near the town of Srpski Brod Vrbas river The Lake of Nevesinje The Neretva River in Republic of Srpska Izvor Sipovo
Learning how to find good TV shows online and watch what I want when I want has tripled my quality of life .
Oh wait thats what the whites are doing for them , kind of like a zoo ?
Those in the countries you mentioned are the mongrel offspring between whites ( Aryans ) and Arabs and its funny how those of the East who claim to be the Aryans talk about white people who came and mixed with them and the only Aryans apparently in the East are those with light skin and blue eyes .
You weather the zionist storm well , my brother .
This is off-topic , but since you brought that forth I suppose that you have to be answered .
all the time we are a targeted people i 've been attacked four times for no reason except i 'm white and i was alone learn how to defend yourself your friends and your family for any and all possibilities
That's a shame I bought their home school publication years back .
I plan on celebrating being White that entire 24 hours .
Understood , SF Bulgaria ???
Also notice that the Nig giving the running commentary said nothing about the ' White boy ' a term the Yard Ape will never fail to use when given the chance !
Hi all , I just would like to meet white conscious people from other countries , specially girls .
As Hispanic and Negro populations increase test score averages will decrease .
``Whiteteacher puts Negro in his place ! ''
it does n't make sense to have hispanics securing the border. after all were are their loyalties. let 's support wn s who want to become border patrol agents .
I came here to find out why such a small population living on a small area of the planet , constantly ravaged by war and instability managed to become the opitomy of progress and civilisation and eventually rule the world .
Yes it 's sad one minute they 're `` racist '' then they 're shacked up with an Asian sunshine girl or a sheboon .
If ya wanna talk just PM me .
Will you all let me know a good couple of months ahead of time so I can sell my house , most of my stuff and go hide in the woods ?
I do not blame you , Ottawa like all of our cities is a multicultural hell .
He was also charged with burglary , larceny and possession of stolen property .
There are things we can do to stop the rapes that occur when blacks and other non whites con white women and girls into getting in cars with them etc For a start teach our women to respect themselves .
Who the hell are the Maccabees anyway ?
Mate if you were one of them you would n't be asking .
Well, Georgians are maybe 80 % of their country , with two biggest minorities being Azeris and Armenians , so indeed very easy that Caucasus baboon types from Georgia are not Georgians .
How 's it going ?
Never know , they could find you or me or anyone else undesirable in their eyes .
Well I talk to her because no one else writes here except her and me , you only write here when she says something stupid , if I did n't write to her this place would just die off .
About 1000 of Israely military specialists voluntary ( they say so ) served in Georgian army.To prepare the assault on Tshinvaly .
Watch the video , its only 10 minutes , you will see that eventually the bi-racial minority is butchered .
There are some white pride chats on yahoo go to governments and politics then click user rooms there are usually 1-4 white pride chats there
Hell I 'd rather clean a dozen tiolets a day then have to walk into a bathroom and see some mongrel standing there with a mop giving me a glassy-eyed stare .
Never surrender and fight till the death to defend your country is the most honorable thing every white nationalist should do !
Just keep your eyes open because you 'll find friends in the places you least expect .
Demarco Harris is facing life in prison for killing Trisha Babcock
Clast, good luck in your search !
immigrants are desperate to stay here. who can blame them ? our government treats them as lords and we as muck. welcome to SFI Pluirin !
Try experiencing what a couple of pounds of steel to the face feels like .
Marco Laszcz is a singer and mastermind of the band Sleipnir .
So how do you explain America 's being behind almost every industrialized nation in the world when it comes to education ?
My earliest known paternal ancestor was a Norman knight who sent two sons across the Channel in 1066 .
No comment ?
All of that is collateral damage of the great white genocide and we 're paying the price in many forms : our people loose unity , turn to alcohol or loneliness , stress and being unhappy etc ..
In your dreams negress , when SD comes into the Riksdag ...
The Russian Navy Tall Ship was on display in San Francisco a few years ago .
Hi All Are there any women in Texas who are proud of their race ?
Belfry Country House Skating-rink Country House , detail Country House , by Kuzmin Country house , by Lygin
Very informative .
The anti-whites have been using education for decades to brainwash Whites against their own race .
Amazing how 5 young bucks can break in to a little girls home , beat the child half to death before killing her and we are expected to believe that they did n't take turns at her while before finally killing her ...
Lots Of Beautiful White German Women !
I'm on yer side .
Lynn336
I shall live by these 10 rules for the rest of my life as if they where the word of god .
In case they start grabbing guns .
[QUOTE=Trotis;10497843
    ]Isn't South African chocolate made by overseas companies based in SA ? ( British and Swiss ) Would a `` Mars bar '' taste different made in SA compared to one in England ? / QUOTE
] I would have thought so too , but the stuff tastes different .
No, there is no logic for closing the section .
Nothing in it 's lyrics are .
A few weeks ago I heard a teacher tell his classroom that Blacks and Latinos can be proud of their culture , but whites should feel ashamed of their history and culture .
Well we have lots of shirts that you can order and a different design will be done probably early this next week and we will be putting them up on kijiji as soon as we pick them up .
WeisserSturm-why u want to kick greeks ? u have too much nationalistic minds ? then why u live in USA ?
Greeneville TN Homes and Land
http: //youtube.com/watch ? v = gdYJjU-Nx6E The maker of this video may be Jewish , not sure , he has a big kosher-lookin nose .
A good old bit of nostalgia from the days when there was hardly a blade of grass or a coon on the pitch .
I thought Bono and Clooney were picking up the tab for Africa ??
Isn't wonderful to both be living in a free nation with a First Amendment where you can have your dictionary definition that works for you and I can have my dictionary definition that works for me ?
I was also wondering if any of you all believe if any `` subrace '' is superior to another ?
It's good to see an educational institution that maintains its values and refuses to bow down in the name of `` progress . ''
That 's why we need to keep in touch and stay organized .
I newer mentioned Samis haplogroup types .
Just wanted to give this another bump and call out to anymore people in the Calgary area that are interested in meeting up , please feel free to message me .
- YouTube Obama Is Going To Pay For My Gas And Mortgage !!!
On which fantasy island do you live on ?
Day 2 Do n't Leave Watch the city burn around you .
This has been going on since the sports bring in so much money .
Simply put , they are AT LEAST 100,
000 years behind evolved creatures on the evolutionary scale with no hope of ever progressing .
If that stopped the worthless thing would starve !
Half white and half white would probably be ok with me .
When I see this stuff nowadays it makes me wa n't to punch the white people who fall for it .
The white churches ' billboards look like lunch break at the UN .
- Boleslav The brave .
well, i have been working on something for self defense in one of those situations in which guns have been confiscated. essentially , training with sledgehammer and axe in a shtf moment going old school barbarian might be one 's only hope .
That 's like Michael Moore opening up a fitness center .
I cant say I have ever saw a C in A on any products I have looked at .
I havent even paid for not one single ppv , so its not like Im stopping my support , lol By the way , to the guy that said Demian Maia is white ... yes , hes white , just like Erick Silva .
When the girl starts talking the guy in the middles lips start moving .
It doesnt even look right .
Acting like an animal show 's nothing .
You will need to hit the translate button on the above link .
There must be much less whites and much more blacks and Jews than what the statistics tell us .
A friend brought a small little finger nail cleaning knife to school , a teacher found out , and he got expelled ...
- YouTube
And still the GREAT LIBERAL EXPERIMENT continues !!
What A Week Of Groceries Looks Like Around The World | Fstoppers
Who says this is an undeclared war ?
http: //www.hs.fi/english/article/Fin ... /1135242977641
This is a video with pictures of old postcards of Gliwice ( Gleiwitz ) Upper Silesia , at the beginning of the video , and present day pictures of Gliwice ( Gleiwitz ) at the end of the video .
Just the yo crap .
His spirit will always be with us and we will always honor him as the man who led us out of the darkness so we will never get lost again as a people .
nothing about white genocide is acceptable especially the fact that the mainstream media essentially denies it exist in the first place .
For ten dollars it would give me some entertainment .
Egyptian TV Host : The Jews Are Using the Holocaust to Suck the Blood of the Germans - YouTube
This is my next read .
Here is a video of the event that is worth watching just to see a beautiful White lady screaming `` scum , scum , scum , f * * * ing scum !!! '' at the muslim filth .
Yet every year a snow boarder or skier see the untouched snow and ca n't resist and ends up going over a 1,
000 foot cliff to his death .
This is the same race that thinks raping babies cures AIDS .
Lots of whites recover from a case of jungle fever to find that they 've done irreparable damage to their lives .
I go to van city at least once a year .
Cool site !
This lady came out of a convenience store and got the stare , she glared right at them , spat on the ground and stormed off !
I was there and I must say it 's great museum .
Have you ever spent time outside of the Vancouver area ?
Just for the record I have never bought a rap record or voted for any black politician .
Tamir Hamilton , sadistic rapist/murder .
I have brown eyes , and would not trade them for any color .
Hey , hey army Dirty , Dirty army Hop off your tanks and follow me We are Marine Corp Infantry Hey , hey navy Nasty , nasty navy Get off your ships and follow me We are Marine Corp Infantry Hey , hey air force Lazy , lazy chair force Get off your chairs and follow me We are Marine Corp Infantry Back in 1775 My Marine Corp came alive First came the color blue To show the world that we are true Then came the color red To show the world the blood we shed Then came the color gold To show the world that we are bold
I hope they all starve .
NB , Haman , Fenris , MuadDib http: //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = zzSJRfoZLFY
Which is why you build them far away from silos , cities and targets of interest to a 1st world nuclear adversary .
To change so much in such a brief time ...
OK.
Putting it out there that I am in for a meet up , feel free to private message me .
Whether you get along well with the people is irrelevant , and it 's even worse if you get along with them on a personal level because you will express yourself less to avoid offending them .
Dangers of government schools : exposing your kids to philosophy like this ....
You forgot to add that they spread disease and their poor hygiene causes pest infestations , then there is rampant drug use and sexual assaulting white women and children .
I think you should write a book as well .
Boots Christmas advert on telly this evening .
Thanks everyone !
Quite the opposite in fact .
My prayers go out for the grieving families of those who perished ... What a terrible tragedy ... God have mercy on the souls of those who have left this earth .
She's lucky , I bet she 'll be more careful next time .
I am looking for WN specific Home School material ?
I hope you are all emailing this newspaper .
White people ca n't just be left alone , can they ?
It's Mein Kampf and no he never said anything about killing every jew on the earth like the jews claim he wanted to do .
The big problem is that some swiss are backing this colonisation !
I think you do the best you can to embrace the best of who you are by helping the white cause .
I think asians are hot but they arent the girls I wanna get with.A wolf is pretty but do you wanna pet one ? White girls are only ones to be trusted .
I intend to get a big dog in time for next year 's elections , but no pigs , lizards , parrots or raccoons ...
The english policy was one of extermination from day 1 .
I'm with you , Winnipeg has become a cesspool .
Their brains have never developed so they think there still in the wild jungles of Africa .
I would like to thank Theodoric for the very nice Stormfront banner he put up regarding these murders and this distribution .
Holy cow , I cannot believe the BS that goes on in a public school system vs. actual learning .
They always have anti-racism campaigns and multikulti propaganda .
I say let him in and let him rant his mouth with all the Mudslums !
My mother was a teacher and a fair while back thought colored folks were wonderful misunderstood creatures but after teaching a majority non white class for a couple of years she no longer thinks they are all that great
Anybody with half a brain knows that 's it 's BS and how Negroes have n't done anything for the development of any society , let alone Europe .
After 7, the kids from the poor neighborhoods start showing up ( usually poor blacks ) .
Ya hey der !
Thanks for posting , made my day
Although it might freak out the government .. lol My favorite part of St. Augustine Florida .. Is the old city walls .
He is not nordic of course , but he is white .
I went outside and the niglet 's mom told me my daughter had hit her first .
As of December 31st ,
2013 at about 8 AM PST , the booklet had been downloaded 16,
270 times and counting .
Gotta represent my coconuts and mangos yo !!
What is worse , is the fact that they are allowed to bring their violent chaos to our beloved homelands , and contaminate the minds of our children !
You are very entertaining .
I'm heading down to DC to put a sign on the White House gates that will read : ' No savage negro BEASTS in the White House ! '
http: //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = R8gYc5fvMQ0
I do n't watch TV at home at all any more .
And then you need to avoid High Fructose Corn Syrup - bad for you and made from GM corn .
And `` it 's because I 've been having trouble with my landlord , dot dot dot . ''
That film is full of outright lies .
Deal ?
I'm a student at U of A ; God only knows how I got in and why i go to school .
So he can show her off like a brand new sparkly jewel etc etc .
I went to a talk about this at Georgetown University last week .
I feel like athletic whites do not have enough kids because when you have a lot of brothers it forces you to fight your way to the top .
www.sjcsf.edu St. Mary 's College of Maryland , St. Mary 's , Md.
Like the Gods telling us that this does n't work !
Not long ago I got a note from my diocese mentioning that being a Mason is committing a grave sin and Catholics are not allowed to join them .
The times they are a changing .
They were praying for rain .
The Rübenach and Rodendorf families. .
When I go to just about any Australian city I feel like a foreigner , these cities were built by my own flesh and blood , I should not feel like an alien in them .
God Bless
Half of winning a fight is attitude .
I know one thing , no white should ever give one nickel or a second thought to Africa for they have repaid good with evil .
Imagine a bunch of people carrying these in their possession .
I am a new member from Bronx , New York looking for new friends to talk to .
If you think that 's funny , you should have seen the black guy that used to run around my home town wearing a kkk emblem.But people like that are usualy not that bright .
This thread makes me thankful that I will be homeschooling my children .
Just in case anyone is interested , here 's the thread in the Health & Fitness section : `` Eating Fish Makes You Smarter '' along with another one in the Homemaking section : `` Fish Oils and Pregnancy and Infants = Health Smart Babies '' I think the scientific evidence for the benefits of fish is just overwhelming .
From there , just click on `` pictures '' and wait for them to load .
I'll try and see if my sister can bring home the sheet from my old high school with like 20 websites and their passwords of scholary reviewed articls
I saw the clip too .
As of 2009 11,
943 people 92.9 % White 4.7 % Hispanic .9 % Mixed .7 % Asian .4 % Black .3 % American Indian .04 % Other race alone Median income is $ 66,
115 .
http: //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = 0Ljpk ... elated & search =
PS .
Thanks for that Limerickpit I have put that on my planner no doubt it will be a total destoration of the facts !!
It makes me tired .
First time this year that I have seen this area hotter than Lakeland , Florida .
Once again , blacks showing they cannot control themselves .
They are stunning !! * KISS * 2056
The tables with junk Chinese knives and jewelry have also proliferated .
I thought I was the only one interested in this .......... The first time I heard about this was in school back in 5th grade .
Do ` F * ck with our families , buckwheat !!
I hope people are taking advantage of the above .
NO!
The jews media will never report on this incident or any kind of incident like this ever.Wake up White people we have a black on White crime problem and it is going to get a lot worse .
TAKE COVER SOON JAPAN NUCLEAR EXPLOSION GLOBAL DISASTER FUKUSHIMA YouTube - JAPAN NUCLEAR EXPLOSION GLOBAL DISASTER FUKUSHIMA I received this image in an email this morning .
The same way Jews run the government .
I have no problem with Black Pride .
I'm not running and giving it to the muds .
I punched out a violent negro who charged me outside a bar .
And then there are those who would settle for having their boredom aleviated by chatting with a white woman via an instant messenger service .
This is the sadest excuse for a white person I have ever heard .
Hungary must stick to its guns it is a sad day when sticking to ones guns means simply enforcing the law as proscribed
A puppet in the hands of the Jews were Zionist Jewish States of America and the Bolshevik Soviet Union .
Also : Student , underholdes af faderen ( Student of ... ? )
LA traffic to cause riots during 2 day construction shutdown of 405 fwy .
P.S. So your are in U.K ?
I wish I had her eye color ...
We 'll find out tonight .
I work in close proximity to more of them than I care to .
http: //www.newnation.tv/forums/showthread.php ? t = 207286
Man that sucks lol ...
I have dark brown hair and brown eyes and I 'm as pale as the moon .
We should be able to have guns in the UK most of the criminals have them so why not we need to protect ourselfs as well !
evening all , i 've lurkin around for some time reading threads , etc .
We had about 500 people in DC last year for a rally and concert and several dozen more at a rally the same day in Topeka .
That it will !!
http: //www.vg.no/pub/vgart.hbs ? artid = 222065 Suspected for warcrimes , seeks asylum in Norway A Chechen ( 32 ) - wanted for warcrimes - and a Lebanese ( 41 ) - suspected of warcrimes - lives at an asylum reception center in Norway with their families .
That is one Ugly Picture !!
BULL****!
They eat 3 X the food at each meal than your average American .
I hope you all do n't mind an irish american skin joining your ranks .
Those Asians and Blacks would continue to imitate Whites just to gain an upper hand or just to show that they are `` superior '' .
want someone who will be a friend and a girlfriend and that will like me for me and not walk all over me . i like the outdoors , camping , hiking , movies. my fav. color is white and like country music and i also like tattoos .
Rapper Kanye West caught pooping at the empire state building .
Who controls the media ?
I think they have .
Nothing has ever been as harmful to society as jews , their savage beasts , and their thoughtless gimmiegrunts .
white men and asian women actually do not hurt asian people and society since asians outnumber whites .
Acts of racism in Ireland show short memories of Irish everywhere Read more : Acts of racism in Ireland show short memories of Irish everywhere | Irish News | IrishCentral Follow us : @IrishCentral on Twitter | IrishCentral on Facebook
These things make me sick !
But the worst thing is the americans and the britons wants yet to make see Basayev like a freedom hero !!
They were great mysteries .
He is indeed a brave man and champion of our cause .
The cw are a nationalist/white pride group and have been around since 02 .
In England there are whole cities that are almost majority ethnic and hundreds of schools with no white children ...
If I have to travel , I 'll backpack it .
That's vile , but I ca n't say it 's a big shock , their culture seems to glorify that sort of behaviour ...
A federal judge in New York closed a filthy jew kosher slaughterhouse Tuesday , saying the plant 's dirty birds posed a health risk to the community .
This boy is not tatar-looking .
YouTube - DOG SET ON FIRE WHILE GIVING BIRTH YouTube - Animal Abuse at Child Care Center In Chicago Ghetto
Same with basketball and baseball .
We have a couple of events coming up that are pretty close together so I 'll post them both here now . June 24th event July 1st event
They fought fiercely for their land and got no mercy if captured alive
And it was on my list for middle names for my son .
My friend Mar with nice blue-eyed cat .
The only problem is that Jews were not destroyed by themselves or any one else .
Great work Mjodr .
A man in charge of an organization that is so hated like the KKK should have been more careful .
I hate to see such beautiful white females become victims of these sick , violent merciless animals .
I met Mr. Griffin and found him to be most amiable and well spoken .
If you have a link , send it and perhaps we can figure it out based on context .
Slowly making my way through a Romanian Bible I got for my birthday in July .
Also do some other populations like Estonians , Latvians , Lithuanians , North Russians .
Get both concealable level II armor for mild civil unrest scenarios , and heavy level IV armor for SHTF !
This captivating natural color view of the planet Saturn was created from images collected shortly after Cassini began its extended Equinox Mission in July 2008 .
Yours , Rebel
January 29th ,
2012 - Whitefish Lake frozen over .
I heard about it is it about that white guy that killed that race traitor slut and her nig nog boyfriend ?
A noble effort .
HD download : https : //mega.co.nz/# ! zBtHCY7A ! Y6gjhR ... FmjjSD6WEq _ r94 ( 1.01 GB ) I read there will be 5 episodes of this .
It seems all of Northern Mexico is embroiled in open Warfare and our border patrol is having clashes with Drug Gangs shooting their way across the border CWII2008
hello i dont speak german but i am a very proud white boy , and id love to chat , drop me a line
I'm down for that , and I could bring along some other WN folks .
Guess what I got for new years .
Then make it for boys only , that 's how it is in football , so there 's no reason they ca n't do that with wrestling .
Stay away from Alberta .
This is going to stir up a lot of yellow hatred for the hebrews .
sounds just like leicester mate ... still what about our porr comrades that live in brighton , when there look out there window , there see the sight of 50 thousand queers there all strtting there * * * * on the street
A white against all other color war must happen to rid America , but will it ever happen and would it be successful ?
When I die just put a monitor in my coffin running a never ending holocaust documentary , just to make sure I nevah fo-get !
Take care !
???
Nice .
If you have good grades , do n't get in trouble , are involved in extracurriculars , and otherwise are a good citizen , probably most teachers are n't going to take time out of their day unless your school is REALLY liberal .
The earth is not getting bigger people .
God knows what would come out of Africa if only blacks could come up with investigative journalism .
Hello decided to start posting thought I , d say hi I 'm from midlands uk .
Most of the info on this site is out of date but it has some interesting information on the groups/orgs that have come and gone over the years .
In Limerick I see them in town wearing blue jackets and trying to get people to give them money `` for a good cause '' .
No wonder we are in such bad shape with this tribe in charge of the White House and Congress .
mommy told me never to squelch on someone 's claims. the very fear of exposure makes me want to avoid lying .
Most of them dont even work , but I have no doubt that some of them will be pushed into high positions in society .
Letters to David Irving 's Website
Should the guy who sang cop killer also have a trial , because he tragted a minority , cops .
Thanks.
I'm pretty new at posting here but count me in ~ I think this is an excellent idea .
A good solution is that we make a good famous news program where we can show this kind of things , but that 's nearly impossible ..
Leave now .
Oh I do n't know ..... Look at the possibility 's for the sentence if we use their values ...
Comments say she is from SA .
Paris is a weekly riot fest .
Now that the little troll is no longer going to nip at my pant 's leg , lets now look at the platform :
Do not show your email adress publicly on the forums .
This song is great and I 've heard many excellent versions but this is my favorite .
Nothing wrong with Quebec , they have very white cities and are a proud group of people Aside from the gay section of montreal , its a very nice city
Good tune though , but ' tis used to praise a terrible tyrannic Empire .
Im not sure of a site but those stats are from `` The Color Of Crime '' book .
`` Made to Dream '' ( The final note of this song is incredible. )
Peter the Great .
I must fall under the Alpine grouping as well .
There are a lot of white babies being born in the South , but it 's still not what it should be .
We'll never give up ... The jews can keep trying opening our borders and sending their third world minions after the European people but WE WILL NEVER CAPITULATE ...
Thank you
I am giving the whole bag to the kids across the street ....
https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t814765/
I too am from cali , but moved out to utah to get away from all the filth .
2508
And changing a word or phrase to something that seems less confrontational does nothing to help those of us that are victims of anti-whites .
2508
OSLO TURNING INTO A MAJOR CRIMINAL MUSLIM MECCA
88
Every summer there is some trash that rolls through the town and goes on a thieving spree it seems .
Dont even have to include a face .
I knew a girl in school who went out with one .
It 's sadder when whites try to go black .
Blue Bell ice cream has one showing five kids one black playing in the fields and barn .
I guess it is all Jews because that rabbi guy who says we must to serve Jews was a Iraqi Jew .
Thinking about getting a CCW .
Tch tch tch .... !!!
Writing in David Duke 's name is fine because such a vote will still send the message that white America will not be taken for granted .
Agreed.
It was ' National Song and Dance Festival ' in Estonia today and yesterday .
They 're actually teaching this , in some places ?
I have to admit I do n't think I 've ever met a Briton ??? and I am English , so you must know something that I do n't know ??? , good for you .
If any brothers want to meet up send me a message and we can start talking and and hang out sometime .
Great thread and welcome to the South.So glad you left that crumbling state of California.North Ga , Tenn. , and N. Alabama are wonderful places to be among our own people .
One has a pretty nice mid-level quality knife set I got from an old employer in 2005 iirc and the other is loaded with a full set of the Old Hickory knives .
For example , on the second day of the week , the Brits celebrated the God `` Tyr '' ( Tyrsday ) ; on the third day of the week , they celebrated the God Odin , known in Saxon as `` Wodin '' ( Wodinsday ) ; on the fourth day of the week , they celebrated Thor ( Thorsday ) and on the fifth day of the week celebrated Frigg ( Friggsday ) .
Not one FTF or malfunction of any kind .
In this board is allowed to discuss , not to insult .
Wow she is beautiful and a WN , I like her seig heil salute we need more women like this , she is very beautiful indeed .
What are you using this school year ?
M & p Vtac 45 5 .
People such as yourself like to hold Blacks and Whites to the same standards only when its convienent to you .
Wait there is going to be anti-white people in Euro 2012 ?
Nearly everything if not all acts that the liberals carry out damage this nation and our people .
Look at those pictures .
the article says they went into mainstream schooling so i think that must have played a role in it.the drugs were proscribed to them for health problems
I'm sad to find this out right now but I 'm also sorry to inform you that Kevin was killed several years ago .
Will you marry me and be my eternal wife in this life and when we enter Valhalla together ?
Breastfeeding moms can throw the formula stuff away or give it to a shelter .
Greetings
Let mother nature evolve these people naturally because no amount of money or aid is going to drag these ' things ' into the civilized world where they serve absolutely no purpose .
Again, every time I will see filthy comment about Georgia without providing any facts , I will respond .
We do n't have black riots in Texas , and the blacks know why .
We will proof read it and send along suggestions .
Zulu - Final Attack - YouTube
Since the other thread is getting to long and bugging out , it 's time to start a new one , I 'll start it off with this ; Preparedness I
At the resturant , the Pres. of Hamms orders a Hamms , the Pres. of Schlitz orders a Schlitz , the Pres. of Budweiser orders a Bud , and the Pres. of Guiness orders a cup of tea .
Justin Trudeau shows the international community that incompetence and arrogance are all it takes to lead a nation these days .
And to think FIFA are allowing this nation to host the biggest sporting event on the planet .
6. uniforms or no ?
The worst thing happened to internet freedoms when albanians used their spare time from selling drugs to learn to use computers .
All none whites scores start at 70 % passing grade 72 % .
`` Gott MIt Uns '' 88
hey i definitly know what your going through. i am a reserve officer in my town just so i can bust the * * * * * * crack dealers. i have no better enjoyment than to watch one squirm before he is sent up the river. my town is mostly * * * * * * s so you already know i am a very busy officer
I've taken to call myself either `` European '' , `` half-Irish '' , or `` Irish-American '' .
We need to focus on mobilizing Europoid minds and using this science and building on it to save our from extinction and to Least Concerned status !
And `` heat '' means guns ( ' case y' all ai n't down wit da slang )
Nothing is EVER as it seems to be .
Consider yourself ignored .
Oh wait , that never happened ...
The child s mother has been arrested [ no need to post that ugly face !
] http: //jacksonville.com/news/crime/2010-10-13/story/law-disorder-missing-toddler-found-gym-bag
The most feminine form which these days has been lost .
Over and over , you hear about home-schooled kids beating out public school kids for spelling bees .
Seig Heil - Andrew
I was wondering if you can give me a link on how to become ordained as a minister over the internet .
Oops , I forgot Obongo is president , therefor it is free greencard day every day .
Cholera is most common in Africa , southern and Southeast Asia , and the Middle East .
I have my card board decorations ready along with thumb tacks .
I expect nobody disagrees ?
New Square Meats allegedly sold nearly 2 million uninspected birds to unsuspecting customers . Source
Also work my core and upper body .
- YouTube
Do n't sit around and argue with them , just act like they are pathetic ( which they are ) and try to shame them .
Negro Charged With The Murder Of White Rest Stop Employee - NNN Reporters Newsroom Forum R.I.P.
Look at Chechnya .
-Strict religious education at temple - Their ' sunday shool ' equivalent .
I eventually came to the conclusion that jews behave more like a criminal syndicate than any respectable religion .
It was great reading all your input .
I went combing youtube today looking for more about JT Ready and how they are manning up the border .
Many-a-luck to you , gille .
very interesting video , although I spotted at least one error ; Samhain is celebrated from sunset on October 31st to sunset on November 1st .
SPORTS A group of MIT grads are launching a high-tech product designed to turn any bicycle into an electric-hybrid vehicle .
Bach did not introduce new forms but he enriched the prevailing German style with a robust contrapuntal technique , an unrivaled control of harmonic and motivic organization , and the adaptation of rhythms , forms and textures from abroad , particularly from Italy and France .
( Credit : NASA , ESA , and M. Brown ) http: //solarviews.com/eng/eris.htm
I've gotten where I really do n't like pro sports of any type but the pomp and circumstance surrounding American football is just ridiculus .
Joe you are the most self imprisoned person I have yet to meet .
And encourage your friends/acquaintances you see daily to change this bad habit .
I 'd like to see Iran wipe Israel off the map .
I think he is wrong .
Thanks , CPAMIKE
Too bad 98 percent of public school kids are being taught everything BUT the truth .
How many yards were lost on that play ?
Here , chew on this : Violence mars May Day rally in Seattle They just come here `` seeking a better life ( hand-out ) '' ..........
Jodr sounds much like Jord ( meaning Earth/land ) .
I have never seen those posters before .
There was lots of talk a few years ago of Asian students performing brilliantly , outperforming many Whites and others in school .
Listening to this music brings back memories of all my visits to Russia and Ukraine .
The cross-dressers and faggots are sure not hiding their identity .
i honestly dont know what my eye color is ... they look green , but at times grey or dark blue .. sucks i cant determine my actual eye color .
Why would they let blacks live ?
i used to post on here a few years back as kruger but for some reason i cant register with that name so here goes with the new one 88 to all i know and to those i will meet
My AIM s/n is MetalGod178
93.5 THE BEACH - THE ROCK STATION
They just do their job as God has given them the light to perceive it .
I found it to be pretty interesting , and I hope you all had a Gædelig jul !
I keep two bowls of candy near my door. between 5 and 7, it is mostly neighborhood kids ( mostly middle class whites but a few middle class non-whites ) .
I would think that European nationalist organizations would be easier to create than American nationalist organizations .
But I never liked working with metal as much as wood .
Exactly.
For perspective : I wrote a final paper for English class that was basically the Revisionist perspective on the Holocaust , and I outspokenly debated my poli-sci teacher accordingly .
Investigators believe that Ewell pretended to be a utility repairman to get into the home of Leamond Turnage ,
69, and his wife Robyn ,
57 .
I visited it half a dozen times abt a year ago .
http: //uk.youtube.com/watch?v=CnPS2ho-_6w Looks like they are calling a unit home with the express purpose of supressing a rebellion .
Children from middle schools and high schools across Massachusetts on May 9 attended a Youth Pride Day event ending with a prom inside of Boston City Hall sponsored by the Boston Alliance of Gay , Lesbian , Bisexual , Transgender Youth , or BAGLY , a group seated on the Massachusetts Commission for GLBT Youth ..
Are Executive Orders Constitutional ? | Tenth Amendment Center Blog -
Definitely an act of Genocide .
This Islamisation is going on all over Europe. but we can object .
Are you talking about acting civilized or actual racial mixing ?
My * specialty * is network security .
I was really excited to come across this site full of like minded people !
There 's no better source for learning about the end times than God 's own words .
Does this fact reflect on her actual essence as a person ( it could ! ) ?
I only included guns that are in my possession .
Does it surprise you that those White hating non-whites still want to live in White countries made GREAT by White people and brought low by non-whites ?
I am moving there tomorrow afternoon would love to meet other WP people in the area .
My good friend and neighbor carries his like that too .
Disgusting what this country has become .
Still seeing remnants of Halloween in AFFLUENT neighborhoods .
Some of the kids threw a DESK out of a third floor window onto a teacher and broke his arm .
It could just be vanity and not wanting to be seen wearing a hearing aid as maybe they see it as an `` old persons '' thing .
I love my .410 bolt action shotgun .
Hoodies $ 60 Sweetshirts $ 50 Womens Ts $ 30 Mens Ts $ 25
mine was when i was about 5 or 6, she was the same age. julie was her name blond and used to hum while eating , i remember the kiss was in the bushes behind a garden. last i heard she became a jehovas witness. ah well .
I honestly hate Indians , Muslims , really anything with brown , black or yellow coloured skin I hate .
A primate was the fist to invent a stick in Africa , a black just stole it from him .
Those countries are much better under a government of terror made by themselves and for themselves .
There should be no doubt in anyone 's mind that the `` rabid dog '' act that Jones put on for Piers Morgan is more designed to HELP gun control advocates than hurt them .
Hi, new to the site , saw your message , i live in Aurora and would like to meet some good ppl here , Brian
Three weeks in a house and no one knew he was dead what a sad indictement of modern England .
I guess there 's going to be some miraculous event within the next 11 years that will make everyone mixed race .
He has won many awards and has been featured in Tatto magazine .
They 're all `` Brown Lines '' .
We have plenty of articles , photos , music & we 're going to start uploading videos soon .
Robbie is funny and I have no problems with him .
Prosecutors charged a St. Louis man with 12 felonies Monday night in an early morning home invasion that left a nurse dead and an off-duty police officer and her firefighter boyfriend seriously injured .
Pride of race or government .
YouTube - Dr William Pierce discusses `` Haiti '' YouTube - Dr William Pierce discusses `` liberals '' YouTube - Odysseus ' Way by Dr. William Pierce YouTube - Dr William Pierce discusses `` black inventions ''
Parents were watching it as I was doing homework .
Many years ago I heard from a swedish friend lots of maffia-activity comes from the Russians .
The second largest are in their late teens and early 20s .
Thanks both of you for that .
It shows foreighners in their school and says `` in this country you need skills '' yada yada ... this is directed to enlroll foreighners and racist .
I mean three or four years older , like 24 or 25 years of age .
Military archery and speed shooting videos - a little rant - YouTube
I live in a city where a 70 year old house starts at 400k .
It 's not like cops are running around framing black people for crimes all day .
Nothing so beautiful in the whole world in fact .
But it does have a feminine sound .
But get the eyes wide open and lets rock attitude ... most will back off and go away ..... been there with ya !
Thank you .
Lie, lie , lie !!!
There are n't any towns down here that are as clean and well kept as Kalispell .
Well said Ghost but , dont bother with that dude-he is one of those that always has to have the last word so it will just go on and on .
I'd have to say that quite simply he is the greatest human to ever walk on this planet .
you just say blacks hate the cold. the only reason they are good athletes is because when you have to run lions and tigers you get fast or eaten .
All of his posts thus far have been rather gratuitous and heavily aimed on Skandinavia alenth with the histories and spirits thereof , particularly the later portion of post #31 .
You will find many true White Nationalists indeed have tattoos so your statement they are stupid and retarded is all your own , you wont make many friend here with that attitude .
Wait until the blacks hear about `` Black Douglas '' , or `` The Black Watch '' or `` Black Thursday '' ...
Im proud of my heritage .
Yes, this book is trash , I was made to read it four times in public school while I was growing up .
Show me some progress in our struggle .
I'm in Australia and I want it to be done and over with , my mum is constantly going on about the Olympics like it 's a big deal .
This should be on every major news channel in America .
I definitely feel that way towards Snowy Owl .
Are there are a lot of white pride kids at your school ??
Perhaps it may be the gayest big city , but take a look to Sitges , in Spain .
Plus there are all the kids in the neighborhood they play with .
IV .
Does that make sense ?
So people go out of the country for a few years , come back and their money in the bank has been given to black illegal immigrants , this is shocking .
maybe they 're so far into lies that it 's hard for them to comprehend the truth as it may be coming to them too much .
I think that the Inuits were the premier reason for the disappearance of the Nordic people .
Instead I am seeing this tiny percentage of black wrestlers taking all the MMA spots .
Hell , the way we are deliberately poisoning ourselves I 'm surprised we have lasted this long !
I am in Southern Georgia now but still open to other possibilities .
Last thing we want is them moving off the reserves .
Good post my friend .
Yeah, she 's gonna end up just like the last hoe bag that got involved with the same chimp .
I heard that some black people pretend to be ghetto because they have no money and they live in the ghetto .
looking forward to it how lucky are we to have such gorgeous babies. i could n't survive without my kids ( and i certainly consider them my kids with the personalities they have lol )
As a brit my knowledge of american law is somewhat lacking but even i know that this holder groid has committed treason
that sounds like hippyism. im not leaving my children 's values up for grabs. as ive said before , if parents dont feel their children 's heads with good things then the pc patrol will definitely feel their heads with bad things .
- Karl
Once the negros start coming in bunches it will be a hellhole and the whites will have to leave again and start a new community .
This is a special thanks to all those who had the patience to wait it out while I constructed this article .
But there are places that go as deep as 150 feet .
I left Stormfront because I got tired of the petty bickering .
I've never been a BNP supporter anyway , the party was doomed from the start .
It 's safe to do that if you are experienced I think .
When I watch things like this I pray God will have vengeance on these sub humans even if they have asked for forgiveness .
I would n't take my kids there without some serious hardcore buddies .
Honestly if they ever fired them I 'd expect they 'd do more damage to themselves since the average negro lacks the intellect for basic firearms training .
Enjoy
luckily my child goes to a more white school so they do not even teach about this and they are the only school in the county that had school on mlk day .
Hiya i 'm new here and sick of watching my country become infected with the disease of multiculturalism .
http: //www.boston.com/news/local/mas ... orture ? mode = PF
Please try to behave , all of you naughty children .
My favorite part : And still he ca n't see the truth right in front of his face .
in england the spanish flag is probably kosher to fly without getting your collar felt , any flag in the world would be ok but the jack and st george
A People of strength always Honour their true Heroes .
They need to give them mandatory DNA tests and kick them all out of France .
i just had my first child , he will be one next week. i will not push my views on him because if you push things on your child they tend to rebel ! my child will learn right from wrong from my positive examples and he will see the truth .
This thread reminds me of a post from the old board .
Maybe blacks are n't better , but their body is more shaped to hunt animals .
It looks like our friend Krekar will be winning lots of votes for anti-immigrant parties in Norway 's upcoming election .
No is not bad and you should never lower your self to their level of self denial and blindness .
https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... te-519823.html
It 's common in the schools here !
Sadly, virtually every parent on this site will have to have their children experience that , as it is , without forcing them to experience it unnecesserily .
i'd love to hang out with anyone since there 's very few white nationalists here if any one wants to please PM because i really need some people to hang out with
I dont think we would get their $
Trudeau Saluteunknown ( -0.191 ) Another way to say `` giving the finger '' or `` flipping the bird '' which is primarily used in Canada .
i didnt say they 'd run but race mixing will eventually take over and america will be majority black or mixed race , whites will be in the minority except for in certain republican nationalist areas
?
Christ 's sacrifice eliminated the need for any other sacrifice , and his covenant eliminated all others .
Gotta travel light , governor .
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Ebonics ...
That's because they do n't whore themselves out and end up looking like they 're forty at age 25 .
You mean there 's two of us left in the world ?
There is already hundreds of threads about blacks and violence , why have you decided to open up a new thread about it ?
I agree with everything you said mate , But the thing is with EU immigration we dont have any say in the matter because we have open borders .
I used to beg my parents to let me wear a boy swimsuit .. trunks and topless when I was 3 or 4 years old .
There is a massive push to ban the Confederate flag , so we are showing support for our Southern brothers and sisters .
Indeed.
It is easier for other races to follow the herd but not Whites .
Every country has their own spirit .
Perhaps I should walk back into my H.S. when it starts Monday and get on the P.A. system and say I want to tie all * * * * * * s to the back of my car and drag them across the ground till they die , and then say I 'm joking .
An even smaller pellet is probably ideal , #4 Buck , perhaps .
( Prince of Bel Air , Moeisha , etc ... )
White people - report immediately to Californian University for `` re-education '' .
Its good to know that living in San Fran does n't mean you have to give up your 2nd amendment right anymore .
UPDATE 1pm CST !
What happens to a domesticated animal forced to fend for itself ?
Definitely going to stock up on certain melee weapons for the future .
In doing so I came across these `` twisted '' new buildings located there :
I would like to find the where the document came from and when it was first published thank you for your reply .
Okay so if I go by that logic means you 're willing to give up that piece of land ...
Demarco Harris , a 13-year-old black boy , murders a 24-year-old woman sitting in her car , and tells the court he was forced to do it .
https: //equity.spps.org/uploads/raci...y_glossary.pdf In another version ( hardcopy , photocopy from a 2009 ) it read power , position , and privilege , and now it reads power , presence , and privilege .
well if i have my way there will be another cook out / camp out one of the frist two weeks of aug in very nothern IL
In Canada , I 'm sure it means American Injun/Innuit .
Blessed Samhain and Happy Halloween to all of my Stormfront Brothers and Sisters .
Golden Gate is nothing but Hispanics , with some Haitians thrown it .
They have improved the site .
There was a crooked man who walked a crooked mile , he kept a crooked cat in a crooked house for style , he gave a crooked smile in a crooked-minded way , to anyone who suffered on this atrabilious day .
If thinking was easy everyone would be doing it .
Presumably you are not in favour of mass white immigration simply on the shallow account that they are agreeable to your sensibilities ?
The brutality of his crime and his lack of remorse made Jackson the `` model candidate for death in the gas house , '' one columnist wrote after his death sentence was upheld by the state 's highest court .
But I found my way ...
Boys and girls should n't wrestle each other .
Not a damned thing she can do about it .
The scene is anchored right and left by two bright stars , Mu and Eta Geminorum , at the foot of the celestial twin while the Jellyfish Nebula is the brighter arcing ridge of emission with dangling tentacles below and right of center .
well, the liberals would go ape crazy .
The sooner we acknowledge eachother in local areas and band together as a unit the sooner we become a strong white nation again .
Good thing we do not buy that stuff .
Jag kollade inte ... )
2508
Aragorn
http: //rnebarkashov.ru/foto/ff009.jpg
In the winter this area is fenced off with signs with skull and cross bones that say ' Danger , do not go beyond this point . '
* Bernt Anker Hoffman , Pack-Ice ,
1929 .
http: //www.news4jax.com/news/26834699/detail.html#
hi lily i am not to far from ya i live in olean ny.i am new on this to hope we can become friends .
Thank you for your input .
There 's one billboard that has the candidate , two black supporters , and Congressman Steve Cohen .
YouTube - Cops taser a violent drunk 12 year old Negro robbery and assault : YouTube - This kid 12 year old KO ' ing a cop with his bare hands and outrunning K-9 s for several blocks
It is amazing what they accomplished back then without the distractions and crappy public schools .
YouTube - Black doll White doll MSNBC version YouTube - White Doll , Black Doll .
I m just over on the other side of the country .
Fedor going down like he did hurt a lot too .
I hope there is room for one more as i am very excited about this .
I read in the paper today that they are `` concidering '' hate crime charges .
I cant believe i actually wasted several minutes of my life reading that page .
No doubt they 'll be coming up with chocolate-colored Leprechauns and a Chinese flavored Uncle Sam 's too .
Let us know when you 've joined and we can give you another well-deserved cheer .
Har taget en HH-eksamen på handelsskolen i Nyborg .
The religious aspect does n't have anything to do with it and catholicism is largely brown church
There are 3 liquor stores in less than half a mile radius and one of them does n't stop selling beer until midnight .
Race is a dogma on the physical world , the will of the gods and the way of the buddha is the ultimate path .
1wolf, What is the tight referring to in your slogan .
Why have n't we thought about that over here ?
A B.A. is virtually useless .
MrBadgerSir
With lots of file work and 3 inches of hundreds .
You are probably very familiar with this campaign , but others can view just a sampling of the press and TV coverage here : https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... 277#post695277 https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... 277#post696338 https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... 277#post696651 https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... 277#post696663 https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... 277#post700173 https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... 277#post700257 https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... 277#post701154 https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... 277#post702119 https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... 277#post709327 Yes ... those are all different news stories in different cities in just one activist campaign by Colorado 's NA members .
Let 's hear it again this morning .
At the moment the situation is dire .
It 's for everyones protection here .
How about the hook noses ?
German Folk Music - YouTube Wait for the second song on this track .
True , it is hard for white men to find good white woman and it is just as hard for white women to find a good white man .
Yes , I figured that out on my own a few hours later .
The Chinese have really built their country in the past few decades and that included lots of high speed rail .
I heard about the romanian gypsies that were on the roundabout in ballymun last year ... 400 of them will be coming back to Ireland and given houses !
FreedomRanger-I live out in CA now but was actually going to West Virginia sometime probably too ( hopefully soon but by the end of this next year almost 100 % sure ) , the charleston area , send me a pm ? sikgirl88-I live a city over ... san bernardino ( -. - heard it enough yet ? ) , send me a pm ?
NYPD COPS FIGHT GIRLS IN SUBWAY - YouTube Black teenagers spray a city bus with assault rifles in downtown Philadelphia .
- `` Something about black '' and the old favorite `` Once you go black you never go back ''
Im on youtube trying to find it right now .
I was wondering the same thing .
Why not start one yourselves ?
https: //scontent-a-ord.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn1/560008_10200593451827685_1725723611_n.jpg Antique photo of French motorized tricycles https : //scontent-b-ord.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/603341 _ 10200196698389097 _ 1099230950 _ n.jpg Man with elaborate motorized tricycle More photos : https : //www.facebook.com/isabelle.br ... 1025670 & type = 3
By race or appearance ?
The easiest solution is to find a nice white girl and have at least two or more white children .
I discovered this beer quite awhile ago when it was a regional beer even though its claim to famous was the oldest brewery in America .
They say they dont want to take our guns .
- YouTube
My father 's sister had blonde hair and light blue eyes .
Most if not all of the whites at my school are complete race traitors
Ka-Boooom !!!
Studying things for ourselves may prove to be just as effective as sitting in classes .
Please e-mail or IM me .
Both Asians and whites are composed and calm and blacks seem to have no self control .
There are quite a few books on Alexander - no need to torture the brain cells trying to decipher someone 's really bad writing .
YouTube - & #x202a ; Civilisation EP1#1 & #x202c ; & rlm ; The above is a link to the first section of the first episode .
USA is represented by a negro family and Australia a I have no clue what family .
Should n't they be fluffing your pillows and feeding you grapes while they watch that football game ??
If parents complain when they object to self hate their kids are labeled racist and harassed or beat up the rest of their school life .
We ca n't afford to babysit unstable people .
Sysselmannen på Svalbard .
That 's all I ever see on the morning news .
This looks really good Peachy .
Most Canadians here are anti-racist , and those who are n't , are afraid of expressing their feelings .
Im in Roxbury .
These are the kind of stories that most of the time come out of India and Pakistan .
White kids need to interact with kneegrows and other non white kids or they 'll be lost in the real come the time they leave home ...
It 's basic knowledge : If nature did n't provide it , your body does n't need it .
i just have one hole in each ear in which i wear a pair of silver eagle dangle earrings. i dont like the exotic pericings at all .
So I 'll use the same one for the most part .
Source
Try here Amazon.com.
2508
His commenters drone on , about how `` all races must all stick together '' .
This thread covered some of the same ground as the Northern Ireland thread , but was proceeding without flames .
Personally I think the Nordic royalities should marry other Nordic ( or Germanic ) people , although I did n't watch it on TV or do I have nothing against Mary or Australians .
Mrs. B 's anti gay messages are so important .
Tiger woods was her example and a few others .
SOLIDARITY WITH MARCO .
It makes my flesh crawl when I see white girls having to be felt up as they walk down the hallways by big lipped spear chuckers. : attack
I'm looking for a white enchanting girl , That I can have by my side , . through the thick filth that us americans go through and the best of times aswell .
Today is exactly 100 years since it was released .
Well I do n't have very specific life plans like aclemfaalthat replied BUT I do have goals ! 1 .
Tens of thousands of people graduate with these worthless degrees , find out they 're unemployable in today 's bleak job market , then take on several tens of thousands in ( more ) student debt to get a law or business degree -- and find out things are n't much better .
No need to invite the foreign hordes onto your own soil ! : bang shead : My head hurts now .
I heard the feds got him because he ate a chocolate bar and they charged him with racist eating. lol Now im sure he is ok atleast I hope so I look forward to his reading his wisdom as often as he posts it .
I dont drive a Ford but I got a s-10 with a 6 inch lift on it 34 inch mickie thompson swampers rollbar and the kc lights on the rollbar .
I have no idea of how many might be here .
Up until then we were part of Europe .
* Unsubscribed * Off to the SA threads .
The Knights Of The Ku Klux Klan Youth Corps Just click on these words in Red !
I have to walk the dog now but will come back later to watch the video 's that were posted .
Then there 's beans , potatoes , yams , ... ?
Their is a group of people behind the scenes orchestrating your destruction and they are using non Whites as tools to accomplish their agenda .
sorry i forgot to put that im from western mass and my teacher is white but she is strongly against racism and thats why i say something in support of white racism
Normally ,
110,
000 to 125,
000 new stores open per year .
My sentiments exactly .
Again I would not pay to see this Drug addict perform no matter how could she was a singer .
i saw it on opp.now i know what your name stands for.congrats you have a nice looking boyfriend.i read opp once and awhile to see if they took my pic off of here yet and put it on there .
Hang in their it will happen. seems it takes some woman years to figure out they dont like being treated bad. keep being nice but not a pushover .
New Claims That IRS Targeting Of Tea Party Groups Continuing - Trey Gowdy - America 's Newsroom - YouTube
Just letting you know .
Blacks in South Africa wondering why their country is going to hell when they put Blacks in charge .
I had a few of the CDs and gave them all away , let me see if i can get you a copy !!!!
Absolute Vodka as a company is anti White as they 're a sponsor for RuPaul 's Drag race and a huge advocate for the LGBT community as well as is the first company to ever sponsor a gay party back in the 70 's : Behind the Scenes of Absolut Vodka Cocktail Perfected - YouTube
Sad but true .
Around here they are the tool to get them in the community .
It should never be a crime to tell the truth or speak your mind .
Yep same here , i have my wife here and we have 2 kids a 2 year old and a 1 month old .
I wish you every success .
Some nice pictures and videos too .
Thank you so much for this , one day I hope the next generation is spared from the travesty brought by Public Schools , and private ( Jews can easily fake being Christian ) .
how the hell are they going to integrate into Irish society ? They come from a dirt poor medieval country and have spent the last 3 years living in a refugee camp.what skills are they going to bring here ?
I would bet the campus cops were ordered to withhold it by some `` higher authority '' like the Department of Homeland Security .
i'd love to learn wrestling man .
Their stories have been told before , so instead of showing the pics of the non WHITE garbage that took from them , I am just going to post their pics so they will not be forgotten .
It was uncomfortable .
Austrians and Dutch people are darker than the British , many of them with dark hair and brown eyes .
17 days since Halloween .
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .
I was born in Rhodesia mother was n't full blown african whale my father was of portugese descent .
Wasn't there a news story on here a while ago about how jews can inherit their parents memories about the holahoax and then have nightmares about it , or some other BS like that ?
We're letting these creatures flow openly through our air and sea ports and not performing so much as a background test on them .
Hitlerjugend Quex Der Ewige Jude Jude Suss Those are some movies the Nazi 's made and are very good and informative .
Ivan Ivanovich Shishkin , January 25,
1832 March 20,
1898 ( Иван Иванович Шишкин ) Felling of Forest ,
1867 Landscape with a Lake At the Seashore ,
1890 ( sketch ) Birch Grove ,
1896 View at a Neighborhood of Petersburg ,
1856 Swiss Landscape ,
1866 Forest on the Eve of Thunderstorm ,
1872 Oak Forest in a Grey day ,
1873 ( sketch ) Swamp .
Changing the narrative a little .
I just called her and told her next time to save it and come to me , from there we can go to my attorney and see if there is anything we can do to stir the pot .
I meet a lot Chechen 's a few weeks back i was shocked to see how light skinned they were and they had light brown hair and blue eyes and had European facial features .
If they ban the celtic cross as a hate symbol it 'll make every graveyard in Ireland a shrine with thousands crosses in them around or country
i sort of understand where you are coming from but plenty of whites have sold us down the river so to speak although the jew is always in the background its very complicated will we ever find out the truth. somalians = scumalians !
More black-on-white savagery : YouTube - Racist Black gangs are targeting White men for hate crimes in Baltimore YouTube - White Boy Beat Up Because of Slavery YouTube - 32 gangbangers arrested in hate crime roundup for targeting Whites and Latinos YouTube - Violent , racist African immigrants
BAH!!Your not ugly your a lovely looking woman and if you want to see ugly wait till I get my ugly mug on here and see why im still single !
Eeeeh , that was a great summer .
Search for it .
Living expenses in Stockholm are very high and some poor Swedes and other Whites have no choice but to live in non-white suburbs .
The word Jews was not even in old text Bibles .
May I have another !
Could be the greater emphasis on functionality is shared between the styles of architecture .
The moderation is so slow that this board is borderline trash .
I also , unfortuantely , spent 7-8th grade in a 95 % monkey house .
Lot of old ambulances , rescue vans ripe for modding to live in .
They sound so naive , when will they learn that these people do not want to intergrate just accumulate .
As Americans realize that they don t need a $ 5 Starbucks latte , IKEA knickknacks , Jimmy Cho shoes , Rolex watches , granite counters and stainless steel appliances , our mall-centric world will end .
Even when the rest of the world has daggers ready to strike at your heart , you still show them kindness ..
If you plan to work a particular mall in the Houston area , please PM me , so we can coordinate , and cover more area .
I think the Jews hide in liberal Sweden , in the idea that nobody would guess that it is somebody other than Scandinavians at work .
haha, definitly not injuns .
Hello, I joined Stormfront today and I am pleased to be here .
Well , the warm weather is coming in and guess what , I now have to painstakingly endure all the offspring of these immigrants , Africans , foeigners ( Im putting them all because there is that many of them ) all playing out the front of the flats in the small garden area , screeching and shouting and their hyena pitched laughing .
Hails
And I have probably said enough on this for now .
Animal Grief in the 19th Century Old Shepherd s Chief Mourner by Edwin Henry Landseer ,
1827 .
He never mentioned anything about the lack of white women on Stormfront .... He is looking for Proud , White Women in Florida
Thanks.
Negro Parolee Strangles Elderly White Couple In Their Home , Suspected In Another Murder ...
I have seen some Swedish buildings very similar to Japanese style .
Used it as his service dress revolver .
Yeah, it surprised me .
Guess I will have to find a new favorite movie .
That is why I asked for I figured you would be eithre very wee or very not so wee .
Me thinks Genesis is a negro who thinks he 's from the line of Adam.A troll , confused , black and prowling Stormfront.So make the Revelation Genesis - what are you really up to ?
If anyone can tell what happened on this lake ?
It's quite clear you have no argument so you 're now trying to get me to bite with your Jewish nonsense .
I have not used bags yet but this year I might have to consider it .I also would like to hear what others have done with them .
It will be the same here when the goodies run out .
Oh and the Sun Wheel is a Pagan Symbol before the spread of Christianity ....
Unfortunately I 'm over by Houston.Funny.I was born in Bastrop , La.
Finns mixed with swedes and got blond hair and blue eyes , but ethnical finn look like tatar : dark hair , dark eyes , short height , round face .
More broadly , of course I wish to see white countries get-on with each other but if it came down to a choice between my country 's interests and those of another white country I would put my own first .
Lame.
http: //www.wntube.net/play.php ? vid = 1428 & code = 108
Purchase both a 22 rifle and pistol .
Here you go ,
2 houses for 44,
000 in a town that is 99 % white. located in a rural midwestern area .
Anyone in Ireland who has got some flags please say where you got them , because I want some too .
I will be reading this while away for Christmas .
If there is a positive to come out of this it 's that both communities will now realise that they are not that different after all compared to whats coming in .
The only time I will be willing to sacrifice that is in a fight for Ireland or a fight to defend Ireland .
her is another relatively good maths resource http: //www.youtube.com/user/khanacademy the videos cover a wide range of topics. ( i know ... ' khan ' .... but what ever helps )
DR Congo troops accused of rapes Government troops in the Democratic Republic of Congo carry out most of the rapes of civilians caught up in the war with rebel groups , a rights group says .
I get mine from all outlets even the enemy ones .
You mean Warsaw Uprising Museum .
Mistenkt for krigsforbrytelser , søker asyl i Norge En tsjetsjener ( 32 ) - ettersøkt for terrorhandlinger - og en libaneser ( 41 ) - mistenkt for å ha begått krigsforbrytelser - bor på asylmottak i Norge med sine familier .
And it works in our favor the other way too - pushing White people too far so as to cause them to rebel .
The Jewish race is without any doubt the greatest threat to the survival of the White race .
YouTube- Broadcast Yourself .
The first is the following .
Here is the link to our Youth Corps page , just click on the words !
This is the exact same thing I think about every non White group .
I 'd think there are more appropriate sites for international dating and such .
Watching out for Anti-Whites if you have info on Anti-Whites send it to this site I am sure there are lots of you out there with info on Anti Whites so send it in .
lol This reminds of that story of the guy who overdosed/killed himself while on his digital camera in a chatroom while everyone was cheering him on .
Your right .
FL that 's an old photo of last year .
It 's the mechanism of death that 's in question , along with the one-sidedness of remembrance , but people did die .
Hey you youngsters , check out the web site dedicated to Skinhead rock and roll .
http: //www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhItDmRiULg one Croatian neo-pagan/slavic song for ya folks , hope you like it ...
I'm so ugly when I first get up in the morning that I have a face that only a mother could love .
cant seem to find it where abouts on the site is it ? all i can get is the thing on football hooliganism
It happens with animals too , I bought a chicken to cook on my way home from the graveyard and popped it in the fridge for the next day .
ya my little sister doesnt like little black girls when they try to talk to her she pulls a disgusted face and says why are you black ?? and i laugh and say `` Maggie dont talk to her ''
Finally , they relented and let me have my first pair of swimming trunks .
Unfortunately , intelligent outliers of races generally not gifted with a high average intelligence can be very deadly .
There is a copy of the report somewhere in the content of this thread but I ca n't pinpoint exactly where it is .
Support the Boy Scouts .
Also all the East European countries ( Chezch Republic , Poland , Slovakia , Finland etc ) are 99,
99 % white .
Wow!
Look at that evil slave ship with the evil slave master forcing the blacks to leave their utopian paradise in Africa http: //www.europeandailynews.org/wp-...anmigrants.jpg
I do n't know if this is the case of the Seal but I like to believe that one day there will be no want or need to slaughter animals on a large scale like we currently do .
Literally .
I have no intention of ever setting foot in Mexico so I 'll have to take your word for it .
Just saying .
Arthur Kemp over exaggerates their role in almost every civilization .
Lars Andersen simply must be cast as an Elf by Peter Jackson in new Hobbit Lord Of The Rings movies .
Welcome, Sir .
- YouTube Big Mtn snow makes great dog flips - YouTube New Years Eve Fireworks and Torchlight Parade on Big Mountain - YouTube
Makes finding good employment a bit tougher than it should be .
Garners major news media attention for weeks .
Absolutely.
Thanks for the posting and all they contains .
I also read in `` March of the Titans '' that there are three `` subraces '' pf whites , nordic , alpine , and mediterranian , and found out I could be a poster boy for the Alpine group ( round face , brown hair , green eyes , stocky build ) !
Are only chapter right now is in the Fraser Valley near Vancouver but were looking to open chapters all over Canada .
There use to be meetings here then it got down to one a year at folk fest now , I do n't know of any get togethers in South Florida .
Watch the video the New York Times did n't Want You to See - YouTube
I was surprised to see it there on Palm Canyon Drive .. here 's a detail :
It'd be nice to know .
Susan
I had another picture on here at one point , with my old account , but it must be in the old thread .
They then voted me as `` most likely to take over the world '' and `` First to kill '' .
My Grandfather traced our family tree back quite far .
Exactly.
Can you give any examples of progress made by skinheads or the Klan ?
You need to wish them well and get on with your life , start a family of your own , that 's coming from someone who is working on the second part of what I told ya !
They aught be ashamed of themselves for covering up or downplaying the story about these predators .
I do n't see any harm in teaching the classic thanksgiving story as long as you do n't do anything like I had to do in school when I was younger .
After I had my son it got reddish highlights .. which I loved .
I wonder when it will end , and when people will have had enough as well .
https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t795949-2/#post9151222
`` The aim and final end of all music should be none other than the glory of God and the refreshment of the soul . '' - Johann Sebastian Bach `` Where there is devotional music , God is always at hand with His gracious presence . '' - Johann Sebastian Bach
To close for me to call .
If you want to buy the homes and businesses around you pm Ill show you how to purchase these propertys when they become available , even with bad or no credit or money .
Thankfully, the C.W. Camp-Out will go ahead this year .
yes there is a KKK in Canada you have to be invited to get in .
Shoe Bombers , crotch bombers ,
9/11 and Israel Created on January 28th ,
2010 .
If not ...
I have seen her live in concert and took a photo with her , you jealous ?
This is unforgivable .
My god , what were your parents thinking ????
i think some of you are a bit wrong on this one since Our Race Is Our Nation when will you learn ?
Uh oh ... bad move there Mr. King .
The vegitation here has a lot of these tree with thorny burrs .
Good shape .
Learn how to swim !!! 2 .
It 's an unfair representation of a nation Some random bulgarians [ IMG
] http: //photos-b.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc3/hs477.snc3/26143_100549093315633_100000816283788_13289_6985315_n.jpg [ /IMG ]
When I was at school my classmates thought it would be hilarious if they took Hitlers Body and put my head on top of it , then give them out to all the teachers .
Those poor kikes they cant even escape antisemetism in the country were it is punishable by death ( I am talking about palestinians )
- YouTube Angry large black woman goes ham on angry young black men - YouTube white man cokes black man and than throws black man off and beat him up .
Welcome to SF .
Yea I hate it when geysers of blood come shooting up from graves .
The child abusing teacher was Wendy Portillo .
Yes, no nationalists have appointed a Jewish prime minister so I 'm not sure why any one but an anti would claim as such .
In Eternal Combat with that Satanic Spirit - The physical incarnation , creation of the Demiurge : The Jews .
There a joke BNP FOR ME
STDs have nothing to do with the morality and the genetics .
hello all , i have just found this site by accident and after reading lots of the posts i felt i had to join , my husband and i will be proud to be voting BNP as usual in the nxt election
http: //www.newportcity.blogspot.com/
This post by Jack boot and the piece by Marc Moran , are very inspiring .
I guess in that case , I will just grow a big fro , and it 's no big deal .
I bet that a lot of members of the said club are disgusted by this but afraid to speak about it for fear of recrimination .
It 's no longer cause your German Polish English Urainian or Russian as long as we are white from our Aryan blood line we are all brothers and sisters !
Didnt you just say we 're all going to die off anyway ... but its ok because more White people are going to replace us ?
Thanks for your reponse .
Is the time now ?
Yes, I have heard about that nickname for the city of Vancouver .
You CANNOT teach people to be intelligent - we must start breaking students into groups of low , moderate and high intellectual ability and teach each group suitable material .
The large White families are so beautiful to behold .
I'm glad you can walk in those things .
In order to help increase the booklets downloads , it would be great if all Stormfronters who had YouTube accounts , could display the following text in the description boxes of their uploaded YouTube videos .
If you have not already done so , check out the Stormfront South Africa section , in the International Forums .
the school board is completely blinded to the events that go on with their schools ... i contacted them about the boy with the knife n they were never even informed of the situation nor were the authorities called , eventhough that is what the school policy requires in such situations ...
https: //www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRh48AdAS1A RACIST HATE CRIME - YouTube What to Do About Racist Behaviour ?
You know if you get past all of there violent animal acts of intimidation they have a soft jaw !
And they are more than suitable for singing ( when talking about singing ... )
Here is Yale YouTube - YaleCourses 's Channel There are a number of other major Universities with lectures posted as well .
I wish they 'd all bugger off back to the Sudan , Nigeria , Ethiopia or where ever the hell it is they 're from and never come back .
Post freely , in all forums .
yes there 's many of us in the Chicago area .
Love Halloween , even the contemporary themes .
The lemmings have become so used to having a different color ribbon for different causes .
www.mckenna.edu College of the Ozarks , Point Lookout , Mo.
Attitude is everything .
Do they discharge soldiers from the military if they get STDs or letting them stay and allowing them to put their comrades at risk ?
It can cause rage .
The only thing manipulated here are the minds of few foreigners , who reckon they can live amongest superiour , pagan blood .
Whats the difference between St. Patrcks Day , and Martin Luther King Day ? ........................... On St. Patricks day every body wishes they are Irish .
Large enough to have a secure border and 100 mile free fire zone around it .
Aragorn
Cool, I have never been in this section that I remember .
I havent been in Mayo in around three years but back then it was one of the last good Irish places left .
The negress above have boasted about that she will become the first black woman as the prime minister of Sweden .
In another year I 'll have my B/S in civil engineering .
16
Oh and by the way WECOME TO STROMFRONT 100 % WHITE POWER WAR SKINS 2508
What is wrong with her husband ?
My children like whites I have no problem with this question But how we can spread your articles out of ours sites because we already know
What do you all have to say about this article ?
Do you take weeks off for vacations or trips or just a break ?
Well I could give you another word for the female version of that part of the anatomy it begins with a C ends with a T and has the letters UN in between , but the language filters wo n't let me
`` Gott Mit Uns ''
Liked the music , by the way .
Do you have any figures on this ?
Every time I see a black security guard they are either sat down or on the phone , they have no proffesionalism whatsoever .
here is someone who in a round about way supports your argument and you tear them to bits. do you know what you believe in or not ?
All with an ulterior motive , of course ....
But I just saw this .
im not lol .
I live near London , ON .
How is it possible for someone to construe my post in this way ?
Want to see our fate if we do n't win ?
Yes, I hope and pray that my country will stay clean as long as possible .
They probably stole a bunch of stuff .
He s a cool dude !!
But there are so many things I want to do and see-I want to live my life to its fullest .
That is persecution .
Please , Ireland , do n't replicate the demographics of London in th Emerald Isle .
The flipside is those 70 % White students will do worse with `` teachers of color '' .
I live just north of the area you 're talking about , in Manistee County .
Hey, I have a Folkwear pattern for that style of shirt which I 've been meaning to make .
Check out the RebelSong downloads , you can hear the newest up and coming White power bands , CradleSong and Patriots Call .
I dont know Birmingham but generally the best places to go for a haircut are up market and more importantly old fashioned hotels .
Also I agree it 's not fair to monkeys to compare them to black people .
Is this group in Sweden genuine or are they thieves who steal money but never send the goods you order ?
the kind of perversion that leads to homosexuality also leads to pedophilia. why take the risk , and even if the homosexuals turned out not to be pedophiles why would anyone want a child to live with two perverts .
Wow , hundreds of dollars per day spent in the hacking attacks ???
Providing From Finland does n't kick my ass and throw me overboard ... coming or going .
Eventually , the city would take it back and I 'd be out ten bucks. more entertainment .
Sorry, but are you gay ?
well im glad to hear there are more youth in our world and lets all hope those mudds and niggs go to h-e-l-l
It 's just the way they are .
I only wore it once to school and they told me either never wear again or be expeled I chose to never * ahem * show them again .
I would be curious to know where in Missouri you can get a house that cheap ???
Patrick Cassidy , Vide Cor Meum .
Blut und Ehre !
You may want to consider the Harrison Arkansas area as well .
You prove that multiculturalism works , your the one that started this troll thread , fag boy .
I do n't think so .
Id recommend woman use their long nails to gauge out the eyes and throat , and stick their finger up their noses .
For starters it would be good to obtain a few hundred thousand dollars for a small farm , or a million or two for a bigger one .
Indeed.
The Nordic Angelic race came from the Pleiadian 's Star Cluster , and mixed with Iberian-Aryan 's that live in Germanic Countries and Scandinavia .
They should be proud of their race They can admire us if they want but they should be proud of who they are
Today just add the Muslims whom they place just about everywhere .
Africa is a hole area of natural resources and only made mud huts from it ... what wild life are able to make even better huts ie birds
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .
I like this video : Die Antwoord - `` Fatty Boom Boom '' ( Official Video ) - YouTube Girl dresses in blackface , shows Africa is savage , and makes fun of Lady Gaga .
I sure hope you 're right .
The wait is a bit long , but I am interested .
In our area , they 've pretty much stopped showing mug shots of Negroes like this : Whites have to go on the names to figure it out .
My computer got that backdoor tojan virus > . < .
Your tread had been moved who knows where , mine is closed so we must trespass on the hospitality of the Slavic .
And I guess there 's nothing wrong in it .
I'd like to see the videos and pictures .
A small trace amounts of non white blood a few generations back can be removed naturally by generational mixing of more white blood into the lifeline of a family who 's great great so on on and so forth engaged in one incident of miscegenation .
You should be angry at them not us as they sold you from your own homeland .
If he is that is even worse , the race traitor should be hung
Hello I 'd thought i would join has my other half spends alot of time on here he might start to nottice me abit more
Not to mention Wake Forest is a fantastic university , and one of those many online universities that have been popping up .
Agree with the rest , the recent transfer window says everything , hundreds of millions spent on a few players .
Hungarians .
We can work together and look after each other which blacks cant. We can think as individuals and do things because they are right and not because we are told to , which asians cant.
Obama is by no means a muslim .
One reason we moved out of our ( at one time 99 % white ) neighborhood was because massive numbers of Chinese moved in and i swear to you a literal rotten smell came with them .
The word Jew mean a tribe from Jueda , the word Jew then meant a person living in Jueda , and then it meant a race of people .
im gonna be in the springs area here soon just e-mail me if you want to meet me somehwere like indy nation ( lotsa skins there )
What I meant was blacks are the oldest living humans on earth .
I do feel for the Croatian people and I have come across some of them on the internet and they seem to be a decent people and I have also came across the Serbs who seem to jump into bed with loyalists .
It 's the old carrot and stick routine .
It 's good to spook kids with our folklore so they can pass it down .. I just hope it 's not considered child abuse nowadays .. lol .. Just/kid' n It just keeps their minds aware Imagine a kids face when they learn of the stories of our ancestors around the camp fire .. this is a water toast BTW -- >
Stoning Cut of their hands Beheading Tyre neck brace Trial by machete e , e
Do n't even mention that in jest !
And the dream would become a reality with a PLE ( aka Stormfront of the street ) .
Next to the section of those job openings ?
Try www.amazon.com or other book sellers .
Negro?
This is why it is important for us to join together as one group , organize and prepare to fight as an army .
My name is SunofSvarog .
The best way to prevent Black on White rape is to succeed in our goal of removing them all from white countries .
I utterly want to vomit after watching this disgusting pro invasion of White countries ad .
Then what ?
Come back home and buy a house near a forest full of game ....
Greetings were looking to recruit new members for the United Front or start a new chapter in Surrey/Van we are only in the Valley right now pm if interested .
You are no different than any other manipulating Jew .
It appears that once again Ireland has saved Europe and possibly the entire western world .
YouTube - Orthodox Celts - Star Of The County Down
It 's summer and I have a lot of time on my hands with a work break .
Ssupreme88
If they do n't find a way to kick out the brown cloud that 's already there the Danish gene pool is lost .
Hello, I 'm Mike , I 've been reading these board for some time now and finally got around to registering .
From your one time enemies , and now eternal allies , the English
... )
HELLO, Angel , just wanted to say hi i live in cal but e mail me if you want to . white on sister 9
Well, I think we 've reached the point where this discussion is going round and round , so we can end it right here .
Taras Bulba ( 2009 ) ( English subtitles ) .
Congrats and I hope you both have very happy and long lives together !
Not many .
oh dear isnt that terrible well i suppose they will just have to leave then and go somewhere they are more valued
It is a noble idea but I would rather stay here in mostly white Missouri then move to 35 % black South Carolina .
Yes, it 's really peculiar how every topic in the world is subject to critical analysis and open debate EXCEPT the `` holocaust '' .
God forbid anyone should promote straight racially loyal hetrosexuality Diablo
As I have say , they do not think their acts as humans do .
forming one little place ... a village or a small community that is purely White and that no other race can enter or interact with unless it has majority consent .
I was just about to post a similar thread .
Vail Pass and Eisenhower Tunnel - YouTube Vail Pass ( elapsed time video , with John Denver music ) GTA video gameplay , crimmigrant driver wields heavy haul truck through Los Angeles. gta san andreas - Mcdonalds truck - YouTube
Like This [ img
] Documents and SettingsBlueGuardSkrivebordNy Bitmapbillede.JPG [ /img
]
Damn early euro fur traders could n't keep their hide pants on .
I have heard this from many different groups .
Camden New Jersey demographics : Hispanic - 36,
379 ( 47.0 % ) Black alone - 34,
277 ( 44.3 % ) White alone - 3,
792 ( 4.9 % ) Asian alone - 1,
599 ( 2.1 % ) Two or more races - 938 ( 1.2 % ) American Indian alone - 235 ( 0.3 % ) Other race alone - 109 ( 0.1 % ) Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander alone - 15 ( 0.02 % )
I guess I should have included a warning for those who click on it .
hi school is a zoo and suck i hate my school to but white trash is some one who is a race mixers or a w * * * * * * white power at all times
Where do you see dark hair ?
Same here I 've already told my kids for a couple of years now that should someone start it they need to finish it ....
I am Med , very pale in sun , look a bit tan in low lighting lol. black hair and tall. would i have a problem too ? just wondering .
They do alot of demonstrations against immigration and for the confederate flag and are against interracial stuff .
Cindy
Non-Muslim Michigan High School students wear hijabs in school for class lesson to `` explore religion and identity '' | Pamela Geller , Atlas Shrugs
I watched the video once , I don t think I would like to watch it again , ever .
I 'm too close to the left coast .
I would never date a black guy .
Hey there Welcome to Stormfront .
Exercise : Get Johnny to pass the football to Jimmy during practice .
Leaked phone call shows Newly appointed Jewish government in Ukraine behind sniper attacks on protesters and police | European Daily News.org Thank god for the internet .
In one year 2.2 million people were incinerated in these very chambers .
He live on forums all day because he have no job .
Yeah I think they 'd be much better off back home .
Probably comes out of Regina .
I've recently gotten a recommendation for Peaceful Warrior .
You can search for maps of where the language was spoken over time .
glad to see so many people out here seems like we are few and far the way things are out here
Is it true in Norway , the spoken and written forms of the language are totally different ?
it looks like jews have taken over ukar.org but you can read the section of the website dealing with the kosher tax on archive.org : http: //web.archive.org/web/200602110...r.org/tax.html
His commie-jew handler was Joe Slovo .
You realize you are not going to be convincing any loyal board members to the terrific joys of diversity and the cultural enrichment that say the Somali Muslim refugees are bringing to White communities .
You know , wheat and corn grow pretty fast .
Live off the island .
Many of them are doing just as their masters desire .
S.H.A.R.P.
I love that video so much .
On Stormfront usually we try to respect feelings of those who find scantily dressed ( bikini etc ) images or suggestive poses tacky .
Remember, when you buy California fruit you are supporting illegal immigration because that is all who pick the fruit .
Those I allude to ....
Those same documents also revealed that there were only 360,
000 inmates ever in Auschwitz , total , from the time it opened until it closed .
i hate them .. ever since i once got beaten up by 6 of them .. real hero 's since then i because nazi
Yes I saw it .
I stopped there one day looking for a job for my holidays , and I left immediately when I saw it : you can barely find a straight person there in summer .
One out we will never win but if we can form proper communities we can gain real strength .
Live music and dancing .
Now I will not go near them .
Someone can correct me if I 'm wrong
What he means is to not directly support as far as possible , as opposed to indirectly support the system itself ( via taxes etc ) .
I dont want a black guy or any one that isnt white and my friends dont either you must be going for the wrong girls .
Thank you for proving our point .
In america we have hate crime laws .
I looked at the discussion and it is obvious that we are outnumbered by non-whites and race traitors and follow the other followers types .
Steel is harder than brass .
http: //www.unitedcountry.com/search0 ... 7970 & AU = N & FT = P
well what about WWI and the Armenian Genocide which the following video says was instigated by International jewish cabal : http: //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = ttjNZ ... eature = related
Oildale,Ca.While.this.little.town.borders.Bakersfi eld , it.offers.very.low.housing.costs , while.providi ng.many.jobs.in.the.oil.drilling.fields.i.e.weldin g & support , .mostly.White.Racial.make-up ( 90 % ? ) .Until.we.had.moved.here.from.Huntington.B each.6.monthes.ago , I.had.never.heard.of `` PLE '' .Our.i ntent.moving.here.from.So.Cal.was.very.similar.to.
These are what I am trying to do .
hi all i am from south of london. hope to make many like minded friends got bored of listening to the lefties so need to talk to real people
in a crisis , it wont matter. people will have to join us or face death at the hands of non-whites. its that simple. without the media and schools feeding them lies , they will have nothing to go on by except for real world encounters and cold truth .. and thats when our numbers will get large .
Looking for seriour-or-less-than-less friends of like-minded people .
Therefore , the Company has temporarily suspended the acceptance of new orders .
Einstein said nothing can go faster than the speed of light , then squares the speed of light in E = mc ^ 2 .
I normally have a goatee .
too bloody right mate hey dont get me wrong i use short cuts all the time but sometimes it jus goes 2 far
What I find to be a joke is that someone would take it seriously and post absolute nonsense and crap about this site , without checking it out first .
YouTube - Honesty - Trevor ( Made in Britain ) YouTube - THE DEAD NAZI MARCH YouTube - Ich hatt ' einen http: //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = 8U9Sh91htIA Kameraden YouTube - Cross of iron movie intro
I sure hope they do that with mine because I have a mental block to all math past adding and subtracting !
My father 's family is originally from the Highlands in Britain/Scotland and my mother 's family is British .
No.
The BNP gained three times the votes it had in last election .
A wind of change is starting to blow .
If English/Scottish/wherever fans refused to turn up to watch teams of coloreds representing them on the pitch things would change .
I was realistic in the first post on this thread ( page1 ) , now this , this is the sexy part of our country .
I plan on posting the above quote after every post until this really funny joke thread is done with .
Too bad it 's coming form one of the biggest liars of the war .
My natural color had been a rich chocolate brown .. but after I had my daughter it got mousy .
Yes, for too long Whites have remained absolutely silent about the establishment and its media welcoming everyone else 's community profile but theirs .
She was probably the victim of a groid rage rape also .
http: //movies.nytimes.com/2009/02/06/movies/06shor.htmlYouTube-NewBoyhttp://www.getthebigpicture.net/blog...m-new-boy.html
I hope all goes well in Sweden ( I lived there ) and loved it .
I' v checked them out but could n't find much but apparently they have presence in Britain .
Far from that .
There is an active community here - you just need to get off the net to find it .
little black kid gets his ass kicked - YouTube Because I always enjoy these videos .
There was a black who slit a perfectly healthy white womans throat while standing behind her in a store for no other reason then her being white and woman .
Those are the ones that I respect .
To hell with what this creature thinks anyway .
they have an asian group a black group a mexican group but sadly my request for a white group was denied ...... is this libral hipocracy or discrimination against a skinhead ?
I am searching books and film to teach with this coming year .
I sometimes practice my arguments on Blacks , I have gotten 2 of them ranting about Jews to all of their friends .
Lighting : candles , oil lamps , solar lamps Water : creek , well , spring Potatoes : freshly grown , dehydrated , canned Guns : handgun , rifle , shotgun Transportation : truck , bike , motorcycle The list is almost endless .
I am going to try and update my site soon , I did however add a chat room .
I would probably be French instead of American .
I am pretty sure you are a troll .
At least they had someone who would have lifted a weapon towards Terrorist or Commies that would have hurt them ... hehe
See.....
http: //www.greatschools.org/cgi-bin/ ... r/855#students 99 % negro .
Skin color alone does not make a race .
Tight as in good abs ?
Here is another source for 5.56 They are out of stock on the Wolf garbage but have PMC and some Federal in stock .
All she needed was some attention and patience .
Here is another view of this very thing : Song of Albion There are some really good words of advice for White Nationalists in the last chapter ... should get some people talking .
She does this two or three times a week .
Blockbuster Instant Commercial - YouTube !
I 'll be at that show AND I 'm a brunette .
It 's a new broadcast from John Young .
They sometimes ride the ice south ... they turn up in Iceland once in a few years and I think they are common in Svalbard with its frozen sea .
video deleted reupload please please people make maximum stuff graphics wall painting video and stuff dont let media and internet censorship minimize this affair .
My grandfather told me of england when he was a boy , and the dogs would go right into the pub with the men and sit with them under the table .
~ ME
I think it 's profitable to jump on at mainstream conservative chatboards like conservativeunderground.com.
not sure where I got them mate , they look like they 're from a magazine though coz they 're scans of photocopies it looks like. will find em and post them
They love art and high culture .
The black churches show all black faces on their billboards .
I shot at 100,
350 and 500 yards , shoots like a dream
Just yesterday on t.v. there was some MTV thing where a Western girl was visiting a family in India .
Better quality : https : //thepiratebay.se/search/benef ... treet/0/99/205 There is also HD out , but not on YouTube yet .
The murder remains unpunished .
That's why I did n't display it .
That 's to assume the gay ones are n't abusive .
& #x202a ; Father And Son Assault Leads To Death & #x202c ; & rlm ; - YouTube
My Norwegian uncle has been visiting , and he has shared with us some things about Christmas celebrated in Norway ...
Kick over the pieces ?
I 've seen guys lose to girls and have their high school lives ruined to the point of having to switch schools because of the teasing and tormenting after losing to a girl .
And yes , they will steal anything from whites because they think whites owe them something , so it 's ok to steal .
It was put there in just the last few hours .
I knew that I could get them from Army surplus stores .
BaoFeng 左眼技术 采用左眼专利技术 利用cpu和gpu有效提升画质 在线高清 shd专利技术 ,
1m带宽 流畅播放720p高清视频 3d技术
Many schools are closed in the area but ours hasnt had any problems so far .
At all .
Years ago I worked at a highrise building downtown , and the local bar association was one of the tenants there giving free legal advice .
Thank you for this update .
Since you 're now in college I 'd suggest working on a B.A.E. degree and plan on moving to KS and working in this new school .
Welcome to the forum .
White people have been around for 40,
000 years IJ is the exact same thing the split is I and J J is older than I and it was J first farmers from that it became J2 I2 is what Dinaric have there are different subclades to being Nordic to be a Nordic I2 it has to be a I1 variant nice try though .
a few times ive been told to make kids. i said i have no one to make them with. now i have someone but we do not feel ready to have kids. i belive in quality over quantity. so we would have maybe 2 to 4 .
I appreciate it .
I wonder if one of the victims opened the door to their apartment for some reason .
Green Eyes are beautiful My grandfather has Green eyes , ( grandmother had brown ) My parents got Brown eyes So I also have brown .
2 .
We have been keeping up with weekly get togethers with a group of pro white like minded people and would like to continue to grow the group. we usually do dinner on the weekends to keep people close .
And sorry brown-man , your people did not invent ' non-violence ' .
As long as we have sports and television , most White people do not care .
Well, the entire world is being brain-washed by Judeo-American films , today everyone has a Jew in every corner of your house .
If you look on http: //www.audiogalaxy.com and type in the name of the artist in Latin characters you can find a lot of songs , especially by the more popular musicians .
I go ALL out on Halloween .
I'm trying to contact individuals interested in joining together and coordinating their efforts on a National/worldwide scale , the web site to go to for more info is Pro White Action Group click on the special events link for contact information .
Interesting timing with the Zimmerman verdict coming soon ... and they are from St. Cloud to the south of Sanford and Orlando , near Kissimmee .
We ca n't afford to lose you .
Just start your own crew and start advertising it in your flyers or whatever if you are atcually active you should email me I 'm trying to set up a network of all the serious white nationalists across Canada .
Do you mean there is one classroom in Norway which has only one white child in it ?
I had a few problems too but then again I had a few problems with some of us Irish as well , so ca n't complain
Van Rensburg , Nostradamus etc ?
Sardines and anchovies , for example , are basically 100 % safe .
I 'm 5 ' 7 " , pudgy with a gut and soft muscles , and I 've wrestled and over-powered bigger , ripped black guys and submitted them .
Dat Da `` Rainbow Nation '' folks ..... Da rainbow being all the different colours of the trash in Da Street .
Children , like most animals , will respond to the appropriate feed back .
I was doing a Computer Science degree , but really disliked it so I 've left .
Never mind the mess on the floor brother .
And the weak may leave the Folk at a time of their choosing .
http: //www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-mRZ...elated&search=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzaV3...elated&search=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRoj1...elated&search=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-URO...elated&search=http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = v12VY ... elated & search =
I was begininning to feel alone out here in SoCal !
I live around western new york and i cannot stand the puerto ricans in my school .
Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence ?
I would like to know how are the nationalists parties going on in the five countries of this beautiful part of Europe called Scandinavia ?
yes I was on his call list there at the hospital since I was down there I had to be to get in touch with him for the plummer and for anything else I needed from him as soon as I talk to him at the jail I will let you all know. or if you want to leave a message for him you can just pm me and ill give you the number and you can ask him your self
Any religion that is forced is against freewill given by God .
My translation offer stands .
What a cowardly cretin he is .
Now teachers demand to work just 35 hours a week ... and they even want to be allowed to do five of those at home | Mail Online
Vancouver ?
Wasn't it the Government in the Congo that was at war with the gorillas a while back because the gorillas were `` threatening their superiority '' ?
I would actually go with a bolt action .22 LR with a decent scope .
This man is an idiot .
Anyone like to meet for a drink - I 'd love to say hello ! ( pm me or reply here )
Tell that scumbag teacher if the jews in Israel should become a miniority or be taken over by arabs .
People.who.are.aware.of.Oildale , are.often.abit.int imidated.to.come.here , lol ! Yes , It 's.abit.lacking.in .spit & polish.There.appears.to.be.zero.in.the.Code.
I was hoping someone may have come across something published for his age range or reading level .
To Hell with Planet X !
Sid Wore that shirt for Shock the sex pistols were NEVER racist , a good example of a racist punk band is Agnostic Front .
You may want to read more about it .
I 'd rather see a purebreed black or hispanic than arrogant half breeds .
Even a child has enough muscle to pull a trigger or cut flesh .
lol.....
I have light brown hair and light brown eyes , like my father .
We are looking into building `` mud free zones '' by way of taking over key locations and building a refuge for our racial kindred .
Does You do n't know anything about that person except what they themselves have chosen to tell sound familiar ?
I cant understand why people in Britain loves so much to breed with non whites , it keeps me shocking when i go there .
I watch less than an hour of TV in two weeks most of the time .
Or a classified section for employment or contract services .
I was sick for a week and lost 400 bucks in pay because I had to take the time off work !
That 's Great !
The gift that keeps giving .
I feel sorry for whites living in Southern California .
Hell, if he had been white they would have thrown his ass in jail , suspended him from school , and it would have been all over CNN ABC NBC and CBS .
Will certainly reach out and getcha ... Wooden stock , recoil isnt so bad .. Happy shooting all .
You are not out of the wigger stage .
I go through this thread once a week to check the links .
I'm glad we 're all hanging on in there .
Even stopped at a Mcdonalds and there was not one white person in there .
I've been posting this story on several forums and sending out quite a few emails .
It is located here : http: //www.teachers.tv / .
This place looks like the interior needs a little finishing , and appears to be built by a survivalist .
Indeed they are , and if one does n't stop for a moment to consider the implications of that , they do n't see the obvious contraction in terms .
Some parts of London are more British than others .
Waiting to buy a new product is almost always a good idea , let someone else experiment .
She could then go on welfare and take out student loans to go to college .
I know she was white though
https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... threadid = 54094 I hope to see you around here a little more .
If Bulgarians are n't slavic , then it 's perhaps time for the rest of them to seek a new name for themselves , cos it 's us that used that ethnonym first , dig ?
Me , I love ' em any height .
Some of us are buying up houses and lots in a small town in ND and we own a decent percentage of it .
I 'll be leaving for basic pretty soon .
Girl I bey you are fly !!!
I joined today and just found this sight recenty , I Love being white and wanted to talk to others with veiws simular to my own .
Gee , why do n't those `` sons of Obama '' matter ?
Will see if she actually reads it and if she likes it .
Maybe the Centre spent all their money buying Nogger Black ice cream to keep people away from seeing this awful racist product 100
The next time you post something this long please quote a little bit and then leave the link for whoever wants to read the whole thing .
Neither of the Diaz brothers are very bright but they generally come to fight .
You lost the fight already .
Hoping she recovers and has learned an important lesson .
Stupid White Man TV Commercials
Texas Marine dies defending his wife in French Quarter He was fatally stabbed after a formal Marine Corps ball Marines mourn sergeant stabbed in French Quarter | National | Chron.com - Houston Chronicle
It 's nice to be with like-minded individuals .
I ca n't believe I spelt asian wrong .
I see pro and cons of both .
We have already taken too much that we do n't need any of those people on our soil .
Turns out it 's a female negroid assaulting the White woman .
Multiculturism is a Trojan Horse Multiculturalism is a fraud and a sham that is ripping Western nations social fabric to shreds .
Yes he is very sick person with identity crisis who need therapy .
I always laugh when I hear Republicans say or imply that the British government is/was anti-Republican .
Sooner or later the black one will say `` mother * * * * er '' or `` madick '' .
I am not a massive fan of skrewdriver but I like that song .
I bet this Negro is planning for an insanity defense and he may just get it .
Of course if people would stop going to these places then they would never be able to earn enough money to start up foreign cesspits in Irish towns .
- YouTube
Where can Whites go and be left alone ?
The email to that account does n't even exist anymore .
The israeli prime minister says that he thinks this is a part of the growing anti-semitism in europe , but that statement is a part of the growing anti-scandianavism in israel !
Judge says `` he 's overly found of children '' and lets him off with slap on wrist .
The Klan is the greatest thing to happen to this country and it will take this country back once again .
Yeah, Swamp soccer is the real sport ... beer , naked men , men in flower dresses Actually , I was planning to attend with a girl team one year ... unfortunately it didn ´ t happen YouTube - Swamp Soccer - Finland
I've had this on my mind most of the day ... it 'll be important to know others in your area who you can network with .
Mr. Schiro , the latest suspect to be charged in the killing , was arrested when a .22-caliber handgun , possibly the murder weapon , was found in his car .
Better head down to the tubes .
I've seen that documentary for some time ago , and I suppose that it has been broadcasted in other nordic countries , too .
Welcome to Stormfront .
Situation in Switzerland is terrible , blacks and muslims are everywhere ! We were a great Country with a great People but all these monkeys are transforming Switzerland in a zoo where law is not respected .
I have and always will fly my rebel flag in my front yard for all to see.I also have it on my truck .
I 'll have a lot of Asian teachers when I transfer to university though .
Hoping to meet some NS girls if any single ones even exist lol .
The Belgian school was one hundred percent white .
man i was in jail in waukesha a few years back and i heard that there arent any skins out there any more , hows the scene out there ? has it picked up in the last few years or was the guy i talked to full of it ?
I fell asleep on the couch with a blue tongue skink on my chest one night and awoke to him biting my neck , I guess my Adam 's apple set off a feeding response .
You would not want to die and go to heaven if Germany had won .
I swam in them once at the beach , and was wearing only swim trunks .. just like the boys .
At 17 years old , Travis Jones has been in front of a judge a few times before .
YouTube - Mad Max & Feral Boy Mad Max and Feral Boy YouTube - Mad Max 2 - Feral Boomerang Kid Feral Boy throws sharpened boomerang and kills bandits
Perhaps you can use this BTW notice that the information is accompaigned by a rather clumpsy muslim exercise in damage control .
i joined this site just a few hours ago but ive been visiting for a while before hand .. very interesting topics things you just dont see in mainstream anymore .. actualy what the hell am i saying never ever seen in main stream EVER ... its a damn shame ...
The company I work for is in need of qualified help .
Had another great meet this weekend and was able to meet some new people .
Loved ones stood together at Chemung County Court to watch 35 year old Arteamus Wells appear before Judge James Hayden .
Welcome, Always be proud of being white .
I'm actually not sure what the message is on this one , but if you or anyone else can explain it I 'd sure appreciate it .
i relized fear one morning. the blare of the fox hounters sound. when they 're all chasing after the poor bloody fox. it is safer to be dressed like the hounds .
Black Student Protesters Beaten By White Students At South African University Rugby Match Okayafrica .
I wonder why ?
Thanks for all the great replies its very helpful .
And the general idea is to pick anyone on the site thats logged in to say hello .
He walks upright , and has human arms and legs .
Should I go for the .45 and knock em down or should I go 9mm hi cap since its like an infestation .
I moved here because I am going to Germany in September and wanted to see my family before I left .
Fairy Tales .
its simple , your white. your genetic code doesnt include a racial commitment to crime. be glad and for for those reasons. this is what society has turned into. take a stand and defend your race. we must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children.-david lane white racial loyalty starts here keep it white
Still , i prefer natives over every other non-white but Japanese and Koreans .
Can we finally bury the holocaust ? ...
I 'm sure I would have done great in public school if the Mexican gang members stopped kicking my * * * long enough for me to get my homework done ...
If you find Doug and Bob McKenzie tell them their memberships are past due https : //m.youtube.com/watch ? v = OJE3EgTGg9k
Very few parents are sending their children out in the dark even in our all-white community .
http: //www.limerickblogger.org/blog/?p=2942 Funny how they consider Stormfront a `` neo nazi '' site last time I checked Stormfront was a White Nationalist website not `` neo nazi ''
This thread was started in July are you feeling better now ?
Well it was only an animal instinct .
Were Whites to leave in large numbers leaving few Whites behind in South Africa the country would start going down hill and then maybe more Whites would begin to see what losers Negros are and how they cannot even maintain what is given to them .
I dont think anyone is going to decide , its going to be where whites feel the most at home among their own .
Negro task master .
Exactly, especially since all the photos are White on White or in a few instances Black on Black .
It 's funny , she even taught their dogs to hate blacks .
If I do n't use anything black people invented .
But on a humourous note it could also mean `` burnt earth '' ( svidd jord ) .
Hope to talk to you later .
Finally someone comes out and tells a portion of the truth !
Also , my neighbour 's dog has poison teeth .
i think i may know this person ... it 's me and i 'm doing good ! this is some surprise. wow. check you pm 's ! talk to you soon .
Japan REACTOR - RODS MELT !
4 years I think , give or take a month or so .
Really ?
My lady was dressed as Scarlett O' Hara .
I heard whites could purchase land off each other if they wanted to move into Orania .
YouTube - & #x202a ; Walmart Greeter Beatdown ( Caught on Tape ) & #x202c ; & rlm ;
If we give them a good hold on our land , then it will be hard to stop them .
Really interesting .
I understand that we are all proud people with very well defined beliefs but fighting amongst each other is really counterproductive .
Send them all to Afreaka And sink the farkin boat !
Oh the irony ....
The media want 's to promote a pro Multi ~ Culti Ireland and not all the disaster that it has caused in Ireland
Is this confirmed ?
just wanted to give this a bump up. we have had a few good people coming to our weekly get together and would like to encourage anyone else interested in meeting and networking with us here in Calgary to feel free to pm me .
I sometimes wonder who actually runs this country .
Americans acting like they know what they 're talking about ..
- CBS 21 News - Breaking news , sports and weather for the Harrisburg Pennsylvania area
Yes, there some real GOOD places to live .
Im always mystified by the way that those most set on getting rid of partition are always those who want to have nothing at all to do with the PUL community in the north .
On other hand , Armenians is nearly 98 % Armenian , so if indeed all of non-white ones are assimilated gypsies , kurds , Assyrians etc. well then Armenians cannot be called white nation then , can they ?
You need to join a Nationalist organization so you are more part of the scene such as the Nationalist Party of Canada .
These elementary concepts render the rest of your argument entirely invalid .
It has happened up to the late 90 's with Hong Kong .
Last weekend I was trying to lay some flowers on my grandad 's grave when suddenly , a blood geyser .
I'm not wasting my time watching that .
So you would refuse even other Nordic whites fleeing the brown chaos in the south ?
If you are not registered I think that maybe you will not be able to see this .
That sounds promising , and hopefully in time there will be a couple of more days added and the extra hour too .
lambent \ LAM-buhnt \ , adjective : 1 .
Òîïëåññ-äåâóøêè èç ÆÆ ( 35 ôîòî ÍÞ ) - Fishki.Net | Ôèøêèíà Êàðòèíêà
I hate the dramas and bull * * * * like this .
You must have met me at some point in time .
i am a 16yr old irish male dont worry lads i ll make sure ireland stays white and i hope i can count on help from my stormfront brothers around the world ???? 2508
welcome. here we promote white unity. british occupation of n.ireland is another issue. we cannot succeed if we promote hate against other whites. that is a fundamental tenet of white nationalism. just something to think about .
Seeing the teams of white nations have black players in their ranks is a depressing site to see.They should be representing the best of our nations not the worst
Other than the Amish no other group of whites have large families .
Same with wolves and dogs , wolves and coyotes .
Is that sign like Passop ? danger .
There have been several bears , both grizzly and black , caught or killed here in C-Falls in the last month .
You can have a high I.Q. and still have friends , i mean i ai n't a doctor or anything but i 've still got a decent i.q and i have like half my year as friends ( except all foreigners )
Yes, have you seen the Pancrase tornouments in Japan ?
I am a proud white man and want to do my part to make sure there can be proud white men in the future .
I was able to sight it in before the rain started .
You should have posted in Rants to see a mix of WN/Anti responses
http: //www.natfront.com/join.html
Emily Tubb ,
33, of Southaven , who is in the English department at East High School , was indicted last week for alleged possession with intent to distribute Adderall , alprazolam and heroin .
Are you seeing a Doctor to get some medication against your high blood pressure ?
However I hope we 'll get off our butts before then .
White men explored space and landed on the moon and white men sent them there and brought them home safe .
This morning I found a video that was quite interesting , as it demonstrated how this question frequently comes up even after serious crimes .
88
Anyone have any thoughts on the best way to turn this water into drinking water ?
THIS is precisely why I do n't watch his videos .
Because you support an ideology which imposes it 's will on other people , and then you attack those people for merely resisting their own genocide
Strange that it is not allowed to clip the tail from dog , but it is allowed to clip 8 days old boys forskin ? 2508
I've got two knife blocks on the counter .
And every human is `` together '' with all people , of their country .
http: //www.borderwatch.us/ REPORT TO CAMPO , CALIFORNIA FOR DUTY RIGHT AWAY .
https : //mimimatthews.com/2016/03/03/ ... ampaign = buffer
In South Africa crime is out of hand and the Whites are bearing the brunt .
The Jews are responsible for massive non-White immigration to Europe and North America .
http: //www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/articl...BAJK19A7M6.DTL ``Based on the rate of improvement from 2003 to 2009 , it would take up to 105 years to close the white/Hispanic achievement gap and at least 189 years to close the white/black gap , which has failed to narrow by even a point in English since 2003 , according to scores released Tuesday . '' and `` Wealthier black students score well below their white and Asian counterparts , including those who are from low-income families . ''
When a race no longer has the will to protect its women then it 's well on the way to extinction .
The DC rally was organized by the National Alliance but lots of other groups and non-members were there as well , the Topeka rally was a joint WCotC/National Socialist rally .
Wish we at least had a Marine Le Pen to vote for in Canada .
14words mikkke14
https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... li-525314.html According the Sweden research. the report clearly show it in figures .
We are trying to get people in every White nation around the world to distribute White Nationalist flyers on Saturday night , October 13th .
I was happy to see only whites in that movie , though there could 've been a few jews or half jews there but I would n't know .
SKIN COLOR = / = RACE I hope I dont have to come up with pictures of blonde jews .
BTW , Winchester slugs blew a 1 inch hole in and out .
That way I can make money , have friends for my child to play with , AND stay at home .
Last I checked though , there are more Europeans being raped by non Europeans in Europe than there have been in Canada
Now it is time to drive out all traitors !
Read the earlier posts and see that there are still lots of non-whites coming to Denmark .
And the non-edible chemicals in the processed and sometimes not so processed food .
I came to terms with that and the fact that they are better with a spear than I will ever be .
I enjoy when a Brit comes in and tells Bulgarians everything they need to know about themselves .
Jews have been poisoning wells since Biblical times .
I am in agreeance with you about this haven being a great place to speak out and vent the anger we get from living in Zogworld .
Your sons are going to be in love with that land !
It's from mid day Saturday untill the sunday morning but on the Sunday morning if enough want to stay on for the day we 'll see about putting on some ballads & holding a few extra events through the day .
Sit back and enjoy your day it just might be your last .
Their calling is a world ruled by `` the Chosen '' from Jerusalem .
Good to know someone is paying attention m
From what I know they 're almost exclusively Nigerian asylum seekers .
I wonder if he has red eyes then he must be from Transylvania , we must have a red eyed leader , maybe you ...
They were usually independent collectors with their guns on display or private collections for sale .
Well atleast the guy was 64 years old , hopefully he 's too old to bear any half caste children with that Filipina woman .
This is just so wrong .
Irish men are SOOOOOOO beautiful !!!!
They only know how to destory our civilization .
18 times in the last 20 years It 's time for the next generation to fight back to regain our country ..... the baby boomers will lose it for us if we do nothing .
Take back what you said or I will report you .
English : I do n't know one nationalist .
First impressions ...
The Stenbeck family also controls the Metro newspaper ( the one that you can find in many subways in big cities around the world ) .
I've actually noticed that cops tend to share our beliefs more than just about any other government related profession .
Carrying any hammer here in the UK on the streets without good cause such as you need it for work would be classed as an offensive weapon .
i used to go out with younger women but i just dont understand them any more. i would prefer low 30s were they have gotten some of the wildness out of them .
They are lighter skin Negros now ...
Aragorn
This part of the film is right when US personnel came on the scene and stopped the attacks as best they could .
Which one are you ?
It really warms me that more Klan members are coming to Stormfront .
I've seen it before , most are Poles from America from what I see .
The future is ours , as long as we do not sit by and wait to be overrun by the subhumans .
No, I 've been homeschooling for years .
Which is why the user said `` Do not confuse him with the Jewish doctor of Hitler 's family in Austria , Eduard Bloch . ''
Hails ~
If anybody can email me and let me know how I can get involved please let me know : therealfixxx@hotmail.com I was born in New york city , Im 26 and I did four years in the marines so I have alot to talk about .
The youth is not a internet thing .
Hi Im tv free do n't have kids yet reading mending , sewing , menting board games radio study extra curricula actives Good on you for planning a FREE jewv existence
Your videos are excellent and you 're one of the most enlightened Whites in our struggle .
You are going to have to make this decision on your own .
Stories like this are so sad .
Thank you .
SNICKERS ® - `` Coach '' - YouTube
Chris
I asked for this on another thread , but was subjected to untelling rudeness .
Just me .
Hey I know I am too old for you but I just wanted to say I saw your picture & I think your cute .
A citizen will have the right to bear arms and encouraged to exercise it .
They laugh at whites who obey the law , bother to get married , women who are chaste .
I love their darker hair , their skin , their eyes !
I do n't even watch TV anymore , the constant anti-White bias just made it completely not worth my while .
people know their nationality not from books but from birth and they are exactly what their parents told them that they were .... your case is different you are telling to your parents that they are not what they are telling you that they are .. that it a case in a billion
Perhaps I will search out that damnable disk and come visiting .
Betrayal of bright pupils : Two thirds who shine at age of 11 are steered into soft subjects at GCSE Just 33.9 % of teenagers from disadvantaged homes gained at least five Cs in their GCSEs last summer - including English and maths - compared with 58.2 % of all pupils attending state schools Yet again , selective schools dominate top of the tables Schools Minister Nick Gibb : ' Today 's figures reveal a shocking waste of talent in many schools across the country ' Read more : Two thirds of top achievers at 11 not taking key GCSEs | Mail Online
Get your hands on both and get the one that `` fits '' .
I screamed WTF and the GF came running out of the bedroom wondering what happened. we both got a good chuckle out of it .
This was the first silent movie I saw , the first movie I saw starring Lillian Gish , who is now one of my favourite actresses .
Episode 4 is out , you can watch it on 4oD : Benefits Street - 4oD - Channel 4 ( UK only ) Some of those are uploaded on YouTube now : https : //www.youtube.com/results ? filt ... fits + street % 22 Or get it here : https : //thepiratebay.se/search/benef ... treet/0/99/205 HD-720p download : https : //mega.co.nz/# ! XAsXRIbb ! 0-td1f ... v78mZxteR7K7jY ( 913 MB ) This is episode #4 of 5 total .
I would personally like to welcome all my White Brethren who want to join the fight in Texas !!!
In Limerick if caught with a knife Jail loads of women have been sent to prison.Very violent place i am afraid .
I felt the same way when I first made an account ... a few days ago I 'm quickly realizing I DO belong here , it 's just a matter of getting to know people .
Quit and find another job .
The black gene always comes out to be the dominant gene .
Thank you .
The guy giving the beating could very possibly be a Hispanic , I would have to see a much clearer video before I 'd give him the honor of calling him White .
No, I 'm in Spanish class at school in Canada and we focus sometimes on Mexican slang and do n't learn vosotros .
I'm going to say UKIP as they seem like at least a small step in the right direction but at the same time i 'm not sure what to make of all the theory 's that they are a distraction party and will just do the same as all the others when they get in ?
If the example of Bradford and London are anything to go by , it wo n't go well .
That and a 100 mile wide free fire zone ought to do the trick .
Oh yeah , no mugshot picture on the page of course , you have to watch the video report to find out it was yet another case of TNB .
I must say , the younger guy sure keeps this gal young and fit .
Welcome, this is the greatest site to meet like minded white folks like yourself from all over the world .
AFA are their sponsored lackies .
I was at a gas station last week , A guy came up to me too fast and too close and I almost went for my knife but at the last second I could see he meant no harm , then he asked for directions .
I recommend Quex to watch first .
There are London areas that could be described as nothing less than little islamic republics .
We attended a large Halloween party at a local church .
Well, maybe they 're slowly working their way to destroying Eastern Europe .
Or for that matter thinks he is a tree ?
im 21 in hamilton looking for people who dont put up with society 's crap my email is hammer _ smashed _ skull@hotmail.com
Here is the new link to the Youth Corps Page !
Here's the straight dope as they say .
Police confirmed Monday that forensic evidence links Matthew , a University of Virginia Hospital worker , to the disappearance and slaying of 20-year-old Morgan Harrington in October 2009 .
Why Singapore Leads the World in Early Mathematics
I'd rule as a black government but would keep the whites around just to keep the place running smooth and efficient .
We should only support white businesses whose products are made in white countries .
I tried to buy an extra copy a while back and it was no longer available from my bookseller .
Are you asking the Africans in South Africa why they hate White people so much that they have murdered over 40 thousand of them since the end of White rule ?
The two peaks , center picture are The Lions .
Article of our local newspaper is subject to a charge .
Sometimes when a person dyes their hair black it looks very strange .
St. John 's College Choir , Cambridge , England : Come , thou long expected Jesus : St John 's College Choir , Cambridge - YouTube St John 's College Choir Cambridge - Wise - Prepare ye the way - YouTube Jesus Christ , the Apple Tree Merry Christmas ( almost ) --last week in Advent !!!!!!
Meanwhile back in their ancestral homelands their races are and will always remain the overwhelming majority .
Cheers , Edward
See UnityND.com .
Agreed.
And all nonsense .
That 's great for our Germanic youth but if you want to include all of our youth thats cutting it a bit short is n't it ?
Anti-White S.O.B. ` s ?
Everyone in my family seems to either have Green eyes or Blue too .
He is a pathetic little chimp .
He is the fourth suspect to be charged with her murder .
Im looking for a good Aryan white male in or around the central jersey or surrounding area or some new friends from all around
Well in my opinion you dont have to maybe more White living on sports not only the players but also employees to serve the team
Two of the suspects , Mr. Harrison and Mr. Currie , were repeat probation violators .
It congers up images of blacks in chains and whippings which was the intention .
Did they put that Groid 15 next to Rooney just to make Rooney look at least half-human ?
Please pm me or post here .
Andy Cameron - Ally 's Tartan Army ( TOTP ) 1978 - YouTube
Never march alone .
I tried to sign up there once & they refused to activate my account .
It is a pagan wedding , between a man and a women .
And Vermont is a uber-liberal stronghold where child molesters are treated better then law-abiding citizens .
Kiss uncle Samael for me , will you ?
Funny they had to go to 2006 to find anti-PLE sentiment for a 2011 news story.How was that a current news topic , lol ?
Kimora Lee Simmons
I hope it goes well .
I would rather have a white person with a high school diploma from an all white high school teach a kid to read than a negro with a college degree not teach a kid to read even while getting paid to do so .
Why punish him for not being good at math when you could use the football field as one of the tools to help improve his math skills ?
im half an hour from pasadena , maybe 45mins from the valley. im in the inland empire near ontario by the 10/15freeway interchange
If anyone else has any online activism they 've been doing with this story let us know about it here .
I see that you are a White Patriot , from your other comments .
Without knowing it yourself , you have judged me .
The only bad thing is that these sick animals will infect whites .
These same people , must eat their stupid pills like they were candy .
On his first day of school , he is tormented by the evil spirited White children .
Dance music .
I already tell my friends here all about you ...
Your both our enemies plain and simple , jews try to destroy us with their immigration and the jew would not be able to get as far as they did if many of them did not look white .
16
(shrug) College campuses are the place where multiculti propaganda is laid on the thickest .
Well see you have gotten to first base .
Tralee is a disgrace , the place looks like a town in africa nowThe day Ireland becomes a muslim country is the day i stop breathing !
This truly goes to show that non whites will follow whites anywhere .
The video was both chilling and exciting ...
http: //www.eminencemo.com
Our schools are horrible , all they teach is telling kids to be liberal and respect people of all races and take no pride in your own .
It 's like they 've been `` Groomed '' .
I especially like the news stories told un-PC .
A man already accused of killing two women and suspected in the deaths of as many as 30 more was charged with raping and murdering five other victims .
Thank You .
That 's about the same as saying the sky is blue , or the grass is green .
Why do people care about football ?
Usually go to Lake Michigan Beach , MI .
Hopefully they will get deportation orders and be on the next flight back to Cairo .
You my brother are a great nationalist ; and I can only hope that your truths find their way into the hearts of our nation .
Restaurant - Summer Skadarlija `` Ima dana '' Restaurant-Winter Restaurants
Every day they erase more of our past .
Who said those were Jews from Israel on that chart ?
Is My Awakening still in print ?
I 've seen it happen so many times. : explode
Ireland joins International Task Force on Holocaust Education , Remembrance and Research Ireland has been accepted as a member country of the International Task Force on Holocaust Education , Remembrance and Research ( ITF ) .
If lies were money he would be the richest negro in the world
Good point , straight people do get aids .
What you say about Blacks , Arabs and Jews are LIES .
If you have any documented proof I 'd take this to Fox News .
All you liberals care about is `` Diversity . ''
Oh, I forgot to say where I lived .
Oh yeah he was part Jewish with brown hair and brown eyes .
Yeah that would be great if you could make it out .
the younger limerick crowd say the gangs from moyross are in regular fights with the poles they go around in tens and when they meet all hell breaks lose its very like in east germany with the poles and working class irish .
So the Jews are Gods chosen people and we are the dumb cattle used to bring the Jews back to Gods fold .
The one part of the video that is n't surprising .
CRIPPPINNN !!!!
Texas is basically it 's own country .
Show them William Pierce videos and tell them they are out of any inheritance if they become race traitors .
My family is ok adn they leave me alone but they are pretty liberal. so is my school .
This person needs to disappear .
I'm curious too but what happened is still wrong in so many ways , no matter the race of the victim .
Sept 26-28 & Oct 3-5,
2013 The Great Northwest Oktoberfest - Pioneer Little Europe Community Information & Discussion The Great Northwest Oktoberfest - Pioneer Little Europe Community Information & Discussion
Having worked around blacks at my previous job every stereotype you hear are all true .
Quantum entanglement would indicate that quanta do `` communicate '' faster than the speed of light .
I have never seen an Asian woman dating an Asian man.They like the white man they re-force wiggers and our detrimental towards our cause.Cpamikei
There were 2 good things about Yugoslavia .
The biggest problem is new york.There are blacks all over the streets , when you 're in new york think you 're in nigeria .
If a person can find a way to create their own business , they could easily pull it off .
Thank you in advance. : ) Download the youtube `` description box '' info text file below @ http: //www.mediafire.com/download/gxv2b33v37la6pz/Booklet % 20Description % 20Box % 20Info.txt
Because there were already two other threads on it .
I'll put money on it Amy this is the photo the females hate you are a stunning girl do n't let no1 drag you down .
Toronto Police Investigating Alt-Right Posters as a Hate Crime ?!
Rüütel talaði um hve erfiðir tímar hefðu verið þegar sjálfstæðisyfirlýsingin var gefin út .
My daughter said she had only touched the apeling 's back , not hit her .
Can anyone give me some links or a loan company they went through for student loans ?
From Norway to the Fareo Islands and then onto Iceland .
I would love to have an ancient Greek Pagan name , but I do not .
Apparently mine ( lee ) is Old English for `` Sheltered from the storm '' .
PM me !
All of these victims can be found here on STORMFRONT .
I just added up the price of textbooks REQUIRED for an organic chemistry class .
You can always pick up some 6-8 `` diameter pvc/poly pipe and cap the ends .
Five is about what I 've found also .
Officials are puzzled as to the cause .
Medlem af DFUìs bestyrelse .
88 !
I like this man 's anger and resoluteness.Colud anyone tell where to take the whole footage ?
Being hit with a paintball is not bad , the painfull stuff is when you are diving around in air to the floor and you slice your elbows and knees up
It was good to see proud white British people celebrate our lads , the crowd was all white , i wouldve gone if id known it was happening , the traffic was bad today , ill bet thatll be why proud white British people celebrate 2nd Signal Regiment Malton and Pickering Mercury - `` Throng welcomes soldiers at parade '' 104.7 Minster FM - `` 300 soldiers welcomed home in York '' Darlington and Stockton Times - `` 2 Signal Regiment march through York following return from Afghanistan '' Obviously there was sorrow for Lee Rigby and his family , we are outraged and very angry at what happened to him
All I have to do is get a picture of my old boss and compare .
On top of that , only a small fraction of those 40,
000 are active posters and some of the 40,
000 are antis .
Jesus even said to their face that they are the sons of satan .
http: //www.abc25.com/Global/story.asp ? S = 5352185 Non whites commit far more crimes against whites each year but its never considered a hate crime and alot of them never spend any time in jail !
Basically just tell them what they want to hear .
In fact my experience as a mom who has kids both in public school and kids who are homeschooled is that my homeschooled kids get more chances to be socialized .
that is the sadest news i have ever heard in my entire life , ireland not a white country. its like saying the world is ending
Hi its great to hear from all of u .
You are almost certain to hear a few negro kids say they want to be `` rappas '' or `` basketball playas . ''
All you have to do is have eyes to see clearly .
Awwwwww At least you didnt have drool drooping out of your mouth like I did when I was one years old .
I probably would n't be a WN without it .
All new posters are under moderation to start with , but this is lifted fairly quickly .
It is that whole thing about Standard of living being the most important thing in peoples lives and what they strive for and base their self worth and the worth of others on that is a huge obstacle we need to overcome .
This is disgusting and Justin wants this to live here .
I've been out all day today and I have n't seen a single one of ' em .
or say sentences with a swear word in between each word except to music , or go to jail ur whole life
Not the best round by any means , but 2 or 3 50 grain Pyrodex pellets over 5 grains of FFFg 777 and a #11 cap gets the job done .
For those of us who have dealt directly with jews , its not very different than having dealt with the mafia .
4 hrs · In a sinister development , Waterford Against Street Crime and Organised Begging has gained support from the Nationalist Movement - an ardently fascist , racist , anti-immigration , anti-multiculturalist , Islamophobic , homophobic organisation .
I have always thought that the first order of business in a White Nationalist State Would be to teach our youth how to fight unarmed .
By the way , if the person you 're speaking to is claiming that blacks are held back it 's their duty to prove their claim , not your duty to disprove it .
I would very much like to comment on this topic but I seriously doubt that I can manage to do so in fewer than five pages .
What does any of that have to do with racial preservation and the resistance to the deliberate and calculated extermination of the White race and the destruction of western civilization which 99 % of the members of this site are concerned with ?
It will shed light on their true nature .
The only good thing about Indians is their married women are so loose that prostitution fails in Indian areas .
Woy's face was a picture at the end of that Uruguay game .
We have more than a few of them , but thankfully not every kid here is like this .
Just watch them at North America and they like all black sport players and their `` slang '' .
Japanese American Internment ( U.S. Govt Propaganda ) - YouTube Japanese American internment - Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia The Japanese-American Internment in America 1942 .
Click on the `` DOWNLOAD ( 7.39 MB ) '' link .
Guy looks like he could be Mexican .
Another piece of media propaganda is on the TV now .
Here is the guy 's blog from the radio station he works at .
At HD ranges youre looking at a cluster of shot a few inches wide at best .
NOT !
Always back into a parking space if possible , makes for easier get away if in trouble .
In light of this it 's now wonder Hitler was considered a champion of the German people .
Im also young , probably too young .
My kids are in a co-op that meets weekly , they attend church activities twice a week , and they are active in sports and other activities .
And this is exactly why we have to fall back on common sense ... And common sense says nobody is hanging around below 40,
000 feet to take a tan ...
Some were useful , some were annoying and based on silly assumptions , one was clearly an SPLC troll ...
My son ever comes home with something like that and you can bet I 'll have something to say about it .
They feel the need to close down a prison full of terroris / people who aided in the killing of our soldiers and scatter them all around the world. ??????????????????
If you want to see what having a black , kenyan White-hating muslime in the Whitehouse has created , go look at Tarantino 's latest flick Django Unchained .
Also , atrabiliar ( ah-truh-BIL-yar ) [ Origin : 1645 55 ; < L atra bili ( s ) black bile + - ous
] at · ra · bil · ious · ness , n .
Imagine the uproar if the black girl said `` ten '' .
He and my daughter ( once she is old enough for school ) will only be homeschooled from here on out .
By the way he did n't film the scene for entertainment but because the negro would have lied and the white would have gotten in trouble so it was to protect himself from any future false accusation .
Some of the things I have heard about teachers having to put up with is insane .
i do this and the looks i get out of disgust are regular but i happily carry on walking and laugh them off , they think showing me a few pictures of negro kids on a poster without a burger is going to make me want to give money to them ?
I could n't imagine living in those conditions with drugs and filthy negros everywhere .
They make you want to go out and reach people .
Look what happens when Whites leave black Countries alone to do what they do naturally The blacks in White Countries today should be on their knees thanking Whites for trying to civilize them
.410 Winchester PDX1 Gel and Meat Test - YouTube You just sold me on the judge .
The media wants to bury the story because they care more about homo killers not getting their sick fetish for young boys fufilled .
It took me forever to find these documents ....
Hard to find video versions of these songs that YouTube does n't delete .
If there is anything I can do to help , let me know .
There are many alternatives to adopting little mud babies.There is srrogate mothers and invitro fertilization are just two.If these are not financialy possile then wait till it is .
The Irish brought Christianity and learning to Pagan Britain. ( posted in reply to BRs deleted post ) .
The headline brings to mind an old joke ; I have bad news and good news for ya .
And now this clip suggests they were suffering by having to live among heartless and barbarian Whites .
Encourage others to report all crimes of Criminal Aliens to this site so that they can get an ongoing tally of the whole blasted scene .
Please notice my lengthy thread showing just a small portion of the jobs available in this area .
We need more of our kids on the honor role and in college , crowding out the non-W 's !
Had to listen to this idiotic statement/strategy for years .
Billy Bitzer certainly was a daredevil cameraman .
Stop race mixing and discourage those who practice it .
My children are not allowed to even watch it never mind play it .
Thank you to whoever set up this site and to you for linking it !
if they ban your account on board all you have to do is clear your internets temp files and history folder and you can sign up again. just a press of a button , no need for a proxy
i was shocked that the New Age Tattoos parlor did my celtic cross but he did charge a lot of money for a simple black and white tat $ 130 for it
Good luck on the magneto-hyperdrive .
I ai n't deaf yet .
Just about anything you could ever dream of can be found HERE Just about everyone agrees on illegal immigration !
Look what white liberals have done .
Do you ever ask yourself why you have a screen name that 's reminiscent of the sound a butthole makes after too many beans ? .
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .
I live near Battle Ground , WA and Vancouver , WA Seems like more wiggers and minority supporters around town , standing for leftist B.S. Would n't mind knowing some people out here again .
Huh ?
We distribute propaganda , educate people , help whites , employ whites , post online , network , keep our neighborhoods safe , etc ...
Please advise .
They will vote in a conservative but when the conservative does anything conservative the marxist left label the conservative as an idiot or a racist .
Sørensen ,
19 år , er født 8. april 1982 i Kolding .
But the duty will be to use those those arms when necessary in defense of the community .
Man theres been alot of stuff on the news about it. the last week weve been on the front page of the news paper 3 times and on the news every night .
As you are such an expert please explain why there has never been any drugs seizures linked to them or even arrests ?
Still in pretty good shape for a grandpa .
How come everybody wants to change their names all of a sudden ?
According to wikipedia its origin is also Gaelic and Celtic .
Last I checked it 's another kind of supremacist controlling everything .
I'm in SWVa .
So far as I have seen , it has n't .
I always thought it was be fun to put on a minstrel show , a little entertainment showing things how they really are without black/jew/fag involvment . . if it ever gets put together i 'll be sure to tape and and pass it around for all to enjoy
That, or they were beat-ups in school and now they have badges , guns , and huge chips on their shoulders !
On week ends the avreage White person is glued to the TV watching negros play sports .
2 .
Thanks , Scott
An autopsy ruled her death a homicide .
POV - The Fire Next Time | PBS
I 'm going to start looking into it , I 'm tired of being treated like I 'm less important than this mud on welfare after I 've been paying taxes for over 35 years .
I chose to be the stay at home dad for disciplinarian and educational purposes .
And I 've told you why .
Since my relatives used to be arranged for a trip when the Feds has a new plan , that means there will be a new framed case in February and it always comes with big events as distraction - false flag terror attack , war , natural disaster or all of them .
Hi, thought i 'd drop by and introduce myself , i just wish i 'd found this place earlier = / look forward to chatting to you all , niks .
On Set of Nickelodeon 's `` The Haunted Hathaways '' - YouTube 3 white women no father living in a house with three negro males .
Cut and Shoot , Texas ( TX 77303 ) profile : population , maps , real estate , averages , homes , statistics , relocation , travel , jobs , hospitals , schools , crime , moving , houses , news
-- Police said the suspect , Abraham Allen , hanged himself after the murders in a Pennsylvania home where the couple used to live .
They take underwater basket weaving courses and they have no worthwhile skills on account of angry still my favorite comment .
Did you register an account on this site just to call these people white supremacists/call them stupid ?
Now spitting is n't very ladylike , but it 's pretty funny , it gets the point across in all languages and they are left behind while you go away safely .
What else is new ?
Im from Central NJ .
hey everyone , i dont know really where to post this , but im new to the board and would just like to say hello to everyone. so ... hello !
One thing we did get out of this is confermation that homeschool is the way to go .
I think you will probably run out of places to run and hide if you do n't attempt to make some sort of stand where you are .
the entire system of classes are a marxist invention. the judeo-bolsheviks are using this to divide our society. in other words ' Divide et impera ' .
R.I.P my brothers and sisters for you are all heroes to me i need say no more cause actions speak louder than words .
For shame .
Remember there will be a delay in your potst ' appearing , until you reach unmoderated status .
It 's going viral on Youtube - warning the lesbian ' groid gets aggressive on the whites for whatever reason : YouTube - Video Caught On Tape Lesbian Or Young Man Going Wild On BART Train In Oakland !
I think only on the island of Rügen their local gods were actually major gods ( Porewit , Rugiewit , Porenut , Karewit , etc. ) , and there was also Kresnik here in Slovenia .
Though I can see it happening someday soon by the state of the rest of the UK .
I just want to see all the styles of clothes , how they wear them , etc .
An American cancer has infected them all
They all have guns and are trained in martial arts .
I think Cork fans still use it anyway .
Persze , majd egyutest alakitok , es csinalunk jo hazafias bulikat .
The tone of voice is actually a lot like icelandic or old norse .
Hubble View of Eris and Dysnomia This is an image of the dwarf planet Eris ( center ) and its satellite Dysnomia ( at 9 o' clock position ) taken with NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope on Aug. 30,
2006 .
I try to keep up with as many flyers as I can on this site : http: //www.whitefreespeech.com/flyers.html And I 'm usually looking for others to add as well .
Gradually morphed into a Biological Aristocracy : Europids : The Sons of the Aryan God .
Det er forresten en ting til Órkneyjar vil si deg , `` Tack så mycket . ''
And second of all whites are smarter than asians and if you ever look at bodybuilding contests you will see only whites maybe one or 2 blacks .
It is amazing that you can create an extremely sexist idea and assume that your idea is just sexist enough to be not be called on its sexism by feminists .
C.N.N. Had story about this case today and said White Nationalist are using the story to help recruit people for there cause .
I saw on news here in Kentucky a few days ago where someone had spray painted `` KKK '' on the side of a black School security officer 's house , they hadnt found who did it but they said it was a possible hate crime .
I had an Ohhhh lightbulb moment .
The best darned pecan pie I have ever had !
Sadly that is what happens when you dumb down a society and make everything sexual.Not even innocent animals are out of the question for these sickos .
Help pass out the NA `` LOVE YOUR RACE '' flyers , that will be a big help .
How about when Hitler says that the Jewish question will not be dealt with until after the war ..
Although we have slight variances in our position here I want to thank all the posters who have kept this thread civil .
We will see who is getting belted and robbed in sofia then
Most of these MODs are gone now .
I wonder how any times this same video was posted on this thread .
William Shockley on race , IQ and Dysgenics - YouTube
The heart of the sunrise .
His full name is Saylum .
I only ordered once-by cash and had no problems .
But its important to have more information on the enemy than they have on you .
Now i just dont know what to do or think anymore .
I believe that team owners want to make money first and foremost and would n't sacrifice team performance and/or millions of dollars just to put more blacks on their teams .
She 's such a sweet little thing , her temperament has changed so from when I first brought her home just 2 weeks ago .
And that goes for Eastern Europeans and Asians as well .
where can i get more info on PU , like how big it is and stuff ? also want to get some better info on `` natiocracy '' and `` social nationalism ''
and jewish. he 's a member of the jewish community that come here at the turn of the century .
The 1st time Jews were even talked about in the Bible was in I Kings and they are at war tring to kill God 's people ( the Hebrews ) .
Classic brainwashing .
Load the shells with pieces of steel rod .
Don't say it is an abomination .
Download Free PDF and Kindle versions or order paperback hardcopies .
It IS our business when you are making territorial claims on Bulgarian land and claiming a part of Bulgarian history as yours .
it is better with a shaved head.A friend of mine was beaten really bad a year ago because they could have pulled him by his hair .
My God look who just finished his Taco for lunch !
The parents who could n't teach on weekdays could teach on Saturday .
Frederick Burton .
I've been following the events in Ukraine and have noticed some troops using the SKS .
Booklet updated on Dec. 9th ,
2013 .
Response from a UCLA blowhard ... Oh shut the hell up you bumbling , incompetent hack .
I have nothing against them .
Correct that is the exact goal of the Elite in North America .
Other shooting at protester Shooting to people in Kiev / ???????? ?? ???????????? ? ?????
I find this BBC story impossible to believe : http: //news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/4971848.stm Negroes do n't look for latrines , they do their business wherever they happen to be .
So good to see new people every Friday night .
WTF Well done liberals you have ethnically cleansed a 20,
000 + yr old race of beautiful and unique white people from their own country This is a sick and vile crime I 'm crying when i look at those pictures i do n't care if you laugh and say it 's gay to cry because my people will no longer exist in 100yrs 20.000 yrs destroyed in 100 My beautiful race dying ! i do n't know what to do
Actually there is no way you can go back up the rabbit hole after you have gone down it .
It looks like I have to create MY own copy of PDF file , since the OP version is a read-only item. ( sigh )
Ok I 'll do that when I get back from picking him up from school .
That 's it I slag off anyone who did n't vote BNP or NF .
I will have to try that and see how much force it adds !
Thus , shockingly , Canada may actually achieve a non-white majority before the U.S. does .
I hope this little groid tortures her .
--------------- > Again the same average person without special education , can understand 40 % of the text of the Iliad written in Archaic Ionian Greek approximately two thousand nine hundred years ago .
1900 's i mean
Even if they do stop pouring in most of those that are here have no intention of going back to poland .
As a temporary solution , the owner has put up just a question mark , which has remained until today .
Azer Syria Georgia Greece .
I have a dominant personality and I look for the same thing in girls .
You need to ask this when the Obama Administration instructed the IRS to target conservatives ?
I always thought genocide was carried out with a bullet to the head when the victims were found , ya know , like every genocide since the advent of the bullet .
The native hunter-gatherers , on the other hand , show 100 % incidence of blue eyes but do not have all the same mutations for light skin as the farmer and Steppe populations .
22270
There you go , its okay now , sshh .
No more about this in this thread please .
Always see the enemy as the hole in the roof that made the mess .
Those who are interested in this subject and who are Sustaining Members may find the following thread to be of interest also : https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... ml#post5825477
Its a `` win-win '' situation .
I take it you are a little person then .
Here is Peroutka 's latest on Jerry Falwells blind support of Bush .
I 'm 19 years old and an italian-AMERICAN ( most importantly ) .
Hey It 's a lot easier in High school than in Middle school because in high school people stop careing so much how the other people see them .
Great list .
Can hardly hear our tv .
Agreed.
well done at least someone is getting off their arse and taking action rather then sitting behind a computer being a cyber warrior.i hope others will follow suit
She is white but looks somewhat below average for a white Swedish girl , I think .
lol!
Seems none of these pinheads wanted to get dirty .
William Pierce : The Gift of Life. by Extrea. & #x202c ; & rlm ;
The girl is indeed amazing .
This is a pop quiz !
How great they think it is to have a mixed child .
...for a giant zoo toy erected on the playground of a `` Christian '' school : Freiburg West : Neues Klettergerüst : MIT EINER SPENDE - badische-zeitung.de
Great pictures and commentary .
I think ' Liberals ' would promote that type of mating because only randomness in your line determines your mate and not any other factor .
I twice went to their concert in the Olympic Stadium in Moscow - in 2010 and 2012 .
Are there any English language links to read about this ?
Do you think the state would let them exist otherwise ?
If you 're White you 're instantly a racist no matter what you do or say .
As long as we are tied to the Rothschild banking system we cannot be independent again .
I have never accepted any government checks .
Some day 's .
I'm going to get one of the two in the next couple of months .
I understand this but unfortunatly I have no one else to turn to .
I never attacked you and i am not your son plus i dont care what you done.P M if you have a problem
Ethnic crime never ends it seems .
I usually know when friends or relatives are distressed through illness or accident/incident.I then phone them and find out what has happened .
Light skin but dark hair ...
Thanks.
It does n't matter whether it is in Greek .
The Boers will be free in their Volkstaat by then and they can show us how their ancestors carved a civilization outta nothing
I 'll go eat hagis and sip whiskey with the Scots thank you !
I 've heard five their songs and they are My favorites from Russian White Power music .
Negro holding the camera laughs with glee : Dailymotion - Agression raciste contre une jeune fille blanche - France - une vidéo News & Politics
OMG unfortunately they are very good at hot air. did n't see any massive demos to prosecute the kiddie fiddlers amongst the Christian Brothers .
My buddy 's boat .
Reminds me of the time I got water thrown on me from the window of a flat as I walked past .
This is a thread I created a while ago .
It failed due to lack of funding .
They do it because they know it pisses the whites off , by showing disrespect as such for other people shows they have no respect for themselves .
Just because they are in super max does not mean they will never be out among us again .
Looked like she was going to start slapping the White guy .
Yes my friend this you must do .
Christmas decorations are starting to appear .
http: //www.passportmagazine.com/33/Sitges.php Too bad , because it 's a beautiful landscape and beaches ...
All i have to say is none of this crap that is happening in the world is going to change unless people on a large scale actually stand up and say no we have had enough and drag the scum in the streets and deal with them in a most violent way .
My great grand dad was Lord of the Manor in Warborough ( Oxfordshire ) .
Anyone want to send us photos of activism ?
If you cant hide a J frame you better carry a purse ...
I am a 23 year old Spanish guy .
We have two things wrong here , Mexcicans in a White homeland and a Pizza company sending a female in harms way .
I live in AR .
I have tears in my eyes from laughing so hard ... that was hilarious , Theoden .
I suppose that 's why all I get out of you is `` loose ends '' ?
my fag jew teacher told my pricipal that i have white power markings on my binder and backpack i was suspended for 1 week !
Anything along the lines of , uh , punk or alternative ?
For more on The Knight 's Party .
Well good for you .
Give them a thousand bucks for each baby they save .
I hope we 're above that sort of thing .
However , it is an outstanding item , based on the rhythm of the commie Soviet hymn that I was forced to listen to as a child often , a dreadful experience .
I ca n't wait till the news starts promoting racial integration with the negro Too unsuspecting whites who do n't know she is not a white
When I was last time in South Africa , we went to Sun City and saw little black monkey children swimming , funniest thing was watching drying water off their faces , it looks exactly like baboon or something , way they do it , whites have certain mannerisms with doing things , they have completely ape-like ones .
Yep, forgot I had the thing wrapped in a jacket , went to grab the jacket and the thing came tumblin ' out !
hello.
You mean adoption of this new found identity which in all reality is a Greek identity .
Shows their `` superiority ''
This is the last straw , how much more will damage Europe and Western civilization these Zionists ?
Getting someone else to do our dirty work got us into the mess we are in today .
Even if it 's all black or all Pakistani , that 's somehow `` diverse '' .
We need to focus on winning ground or degrees in mainstream State Universities .
Actually Monkeys and Apes are more noble creatures and rarely act violent it really is unfare to the Monkeys and Apes to be compared with subhuman Negroids who are by contrast very murderous .
Wow, The Birth of a Nation profited ZOG ?
Put the crack pipe down moron !
Is there any country that I can move to where there are no blacks or Asians ?
Light from the explosion first reached planet Earth over 30,
000 years ago .
Haha !
You should have heard of him becouse he is the greatest chess player of all times .
We can ge ttogather sometime if ya want or just talk for a while .
I lived in Tulsa awhile back right down from the airport .
Are you often sometimes jealous of other people and wish to have their life style even if it meant switching to a different race ?
Don't stop trying because the negro will prove you to be right .
I 've seen interviews of them and they seem trashy .
No wonder young people ca n't get jobs .
If you are looking to become involved , I would suggest you try calling the National Alliance in Houston at ( 713 ) 684-6614 .
The Chechen beast was one of those who committed killing in the name of Allah against our Russian brothers , like the theater in Moskva .
Would be down in the new year to get together with other brothers and sisters .
And did anyone notice that the least diverse college , on that list , is a Jewish one ?
There is no difference .
If they want to fire all these leftist moonbats and replace them with genuine White conservatives , I 'm all for it .
Thank you
At the end of the day news such as this is what truly counts - not the ignorant and twisted opinions of street punks .
I wonder what the percentage of the San Francisco people who are HIV positive are straight .
It seems odd that alot of times there 's such a black and white concept for people pertaining to the will of man .
They seem to be a fake window trying to get you to go to a hook up site .
WHITE POWER !
One thing that occurred to me is that the soldiers with those old school battle rifles would have traded them for this Sig in a heartbeat !
I'm planning on being in ireland within the next year .
But the truth is he needs a boot party and take our flag back thank you very much .
Black father , White mother , half breed teenage son .
The reds are always protesting against people like David Irving its time we got out there and counter act them
Anyone know of any youth White Pride acitivities/organizations in the South Jersey maybe Philly area ?
College kids are use to hearing Black History Month or Native American History Month .
http: //www.righttomarch.com/
I think you should try to speak at the EURO Conference this year about the PLE Concept .
Hello from gainesville , I lived in Orlando for about 4 months good money bartending at the BBQ bar , but too many Rican sharps ... ugh 88/14 JJ
all i can say is thank goodness i was n't educated in this country. i fear for our children i really do !
It will be Iran war this time .
All I can do is hope and take care of my white family by working hard and makeing money so we can all be comfortable for Christmas .
im 27 live in manchvagas n.h. my x girl was suposed to go and we broke up at x mass and i missed the show last yr. but not this yr. so if your a cute white women into boston oi e mail me hammerfist@attbi.com
When I am around young people and rap music or negro culture comes up I make gestures implying the savagery of blacks .
that crap about blacks being tougher stornonger etc is crap it aint matter when its out on the street it a all new ball game
YouTube - & quot ; Ð Ð ? Ð ¨ Ð Ð * Ð # Ð ® Ð cents Ð ¬ Ð Ð Ð Ð * Ð Ð Ð Ð Ð ¬ Ð ¦ Ð ... & quot ;
The Book of Revelation !
Die Antwoord - `` Cookie Thumper '' ( Official Video ) - YouTube
Yep blame the grandparents parents plus school teachers .
I remember when my fifth grade teacher told us this story it made me feel special because I was the only blond kid in class .
It used to be the churches in your own community would take care of people facing hard times ...
Aragorn
yes RoadHog i did check into j and g they sound good , im hoping i will find one on the shelf soon tho , the mosin
By the way , im against slavery .
Emmigration - around 50000-100000 per year .
Holocaust has no business in there .
Please enjoy this video of a lovely young lady signing a song from the opera Jesus Christ Superstar : http: //www.youtube.com/watch ? v = ws6X-zV _ Wgs
It may have had something to do with me still working on it , so I entered your vote through the moderator 's edit option .
Mistreat ( Finland ) - Oi ! ( This band is great !! )
I only clicked on the article hoping it was I white baby and as usual I was disappointed .
Axis history forum has a very large sticky on her and the whole video that was shot , she ends up with a surviving group of people and even tries to crack a smile for the camera .
That's very true because they would lose a one on one fight almost every time .
Don't bother with black culture , it 's not worth the effort .
Ive never liked rap , or to be closely associated with blacks in any way .
http: //www.geocities.com/ireland_awa...w_design02.jpg
Whites shoudl clean their own mess !
But I`m also sceptical for this story .
Hidden messages I have found : 1 .
Tell the school he called you white boy intentionally to piss you off so you threw one back at him .
They have all put their careers first .
yeah, maybe if you are Jewish They just warm up the old money printing press when they might feel like they are getting low .
I think the Klan was best as a social club , the whole militant thing tends to turn people off and makes them look crazy
Hey j.p. i called the number you left me in my mail a couple of weeks ago but they said they never heard of ya , i e-mailed you back and havent heard back , shoot me yopur #again .
Supporting our men and women in the armed forces .
I recommend your parents and your school counsellor have a chat .
The most absurd thing I have ever heard a nig say is , and I quote ...
I will endeavour at some point to go back through to where I left off & greet each of our new members by way of a personal message .
This is just the tip of the iceberg .
Restaurant Skadarlija `` Tri sesira '' Restaurant - Summer Skadarlija ..
Even when you 're hearing ' em for the umpteenth time you just have to smile like it 's new .
The chorus of `` trick or treat '' or `` Halloween Apples '' bellowing at the door .
Tomorrow you will accept it and the day after that you will embrace it .
It was Stormfront been shown on TV3 that made m join the site .
Disgusted that Birmingham has gone from the `` workshop of the world '' ( a city of a thousand trades ) to producing scumbags like this .
Derren Brown - The Assassin Part 1 - YouTube Derren Brown - The Assassin Part 2 - YouTube Derren Brown - The Assassin Part 3 - YouTube Derren Brown - The Assassin Part 4 Final - YouTube Fun stuff .
David Duke is the best W N that can speak the truth with the media that hates him.Obama sould return to Africa and help out his own people.Updates on WWW.DAVIDDUKE.COM
Pakis asians and even jungle bunnies come in and * * * * starts getting weird .
Minister asks YouTube to remove video directing anti-Semitic abuse at him Minister asks YouTube to remove video directing anti-Semitic abuse at him - The Irish Times - Fri , Mar 30,
2012 Alan Shatter - Jewish Nation-Wrecker - YouTube
Watch the full program at http: //www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/the-confessions Interrogation or child abuse ?
More Whites would March in a Black Pride march than a White one .
Brampton is a run down place now that I would n't live in even if you paid me .
When the non-whites come we should stand together and send em packing , like they do to us .
He likes selecting movies .
I usually know when friends or relatives are distressed through illness or accident/incident.I then phone them and find out what has happened .
I like husband in a decent pair of jeans , a well fitting shirt , and a pair of boots ...
Yep, that 's London for ya .
The government and elites will not do anything about it .
I wonder how many young Whites pick up pro-WN ideas , but then after watching Romper Stomper or some old Springer episode see that negative image of WNs and decide thay they do n't want anything to do with us .
I have always had the best results when I have teachers that are like me .
No bob , i saw it 20 odd years ago on a animal rights stall in london it stuck in my mind .
I'm glad you 're gay !
They are culturally raping european countries in every way .
I still have bottle cages on most of my bikes .
We lose no matter what .
if he 's a coke addict - try to find out where he gets the coke from and rat him out .... you will be a hero and can have your own party while all the nigs are behind bars
Guess I 'm not white .
I hate to be the grammar teacher , but you need to use paragraph and line breaks in the future for something like this .
Stoning - Monty Python 's Life of Brian - YouTube
Now now lets not discriminate between muslims and jews , I say get them all back to the middle east and turn the whole sand pit to radioactive glass .
Over my dead body am I ever going to apologize for somethign happened in the past that I had no control over and my family was n't even in this country during that time .
It 's time to undo the damage .
They can kiss their N.B.A. careers goodbye .
No .
Watching and reading between the lines of the libtard media over the past few days , I think they are very nervous indeed .
My prayers go to these parents who are fighting back this abomination against nature itself .
YouTube - & #x202a ; Bettie Page - Teaser Girl in High Heels & #x202c ; & rlm ; To me she is beautiful .
Moreover , children 's programs are usually lead by non-Whites , very often mulattos .
I hope their is some sort off protest about this
White Traditions can only exist in White Homelands .
Police investigating hate crime at Toronto home | CTV Toronto News
Hey Everyone .
For most of them it 's call of their own soul and not economical mean only
Y !
We spent our time trying to get our Negroes to learn how to read .
You like Jager ?
I 'm sure Gaelic games especially hurling would be too rough for them also .
ignorant racist black lady wants free water.flv - YouTube Black guy goes crazy at popeye & #39 ; s - YouTube OLD RACIST BLACK LADY CURSING OUT WHITE FOLKS ON TRAIN !
I hope the mods kill this thread .
I clean my own toilet as for public toilets and such there is no dirty work there it is an Economical contribution 2508
If whites did have some knowledge and a little more recognition was put out there I think most of them would feel a little more pride of who they are and stick to the white race .
If anything racial happens , you will be pinpointed .
My Home Town is overran with spics and sec 8 coons at this junction .
We have to get back to our countries being for our race , the same as every other race 's country is for them .
Faggots are always pushing their homosexual agenda .
Welcome to SF Britain great white brit I must say the influx of new members so far this month is very good news .
Not that I would pick Finland though .
Or for that matter thinks he is a tree ?
He was a saint apparently hope nothing awful happens to my white brother and sisters in SA , keep safe .
And if Rose Powell has anything to do with it , they 'll stay there for a long time .
I 'm angry against myself for just letting this whole world drown into a jewish cesspool .
NOW ! some crap I have not seen before is the displays of passover crap in the stores before .
Why not just kick out all those Africans ?
Hi.
Blacks and mexicans were represented thoroughly. do yourselves a favor , shoot your t.v. !
Like I said earlier the English have been subjected to a far worse campaign of indoctrination than the rest of us .
Aimee
How you going to get out this time ?
Something must be done to halt this terrible wave of immigrants entering Britain .
The snake should be chased out again !
I come for the Pride , but I stay for the love .
These are excellent points , including that detail about shooting a documentary .
That is just disgusting and completely immoral .
Refusing to register as sex offender after molesting a 14 year old girl .
Joyful times indeed !
I wonder why the Jewish Media always pretends that all the blood thirsty third world savages are victims and it is all Whitey 's fault ?
Forgot to add that in my earlier comment .
It was until Kveldulf saw fit to open it up again with his unnecessary comments .
I watched it today and I must say it 's a very good movie .
To be honest .. it frightens the living hell outta me .
And they are just growing in numbers , this is probably gonna happen all over europe
Yes, it 's time to imagine that .
I wo n't own one , but they 're so entrancing .
Those 12th grade questions were difficult !
Then it back to getting the gun and shooting .
I 'm planning to have a little gathering to remember the good old days .
Someone is a GENIUS !
My parents are like this .
Dusty Rhodes ?!
I think that World Star Hip Hop should be mandatory viewing for every single white person on the planet , period .
It does look good .
Nice find on ebay as well
I got so sick and tired of all these idiots who think Jacob Zuma is the problem that I decided to hold up a mirror instead .
...You did n't build that .
I wonder why the Irish media are so obsessed with this site .
It is a testament to your child rearing skills that your boy is turning around .
I now have a wife and kids and I would n't have it any other way .
Wake up White People !
Thank you for sharing this website with us its really intrested and I learned something new and I like to learn .
Of course , I 'll get together a band , and we 'll throw nice patriotic parties .
Show your support for Golden Dawn and sign the petition , https : //secure.avaaz.org/en/petition ... _ free _ country/
Like made good money .
It was disturbing to read that the Swedish foreign minister was stabbed today .
I can get a ride to see you some time this summer if that is cool i need to get up with someone in NJ as it is his name is HAL i have talk to him but i want to meet him so when i go to see him I can stop to see you if that is ok
The title is White Nationalist com , but it should read White Nationalist companies .
I am a huge football fan but there is no way in hell I would go to South Africa this year , not even if somebody paid me 10 grand to go .
For example , Wends had Woda ( Odin ) , Balduri ( Baldr ) , Hela ( Hel ) ; Percunatele ( Mother of Perun , from Baltic Mother of Perkunas ) ; we Slovenians had Parkelj ( Krampus ) , Pehta ( Pechtra ) , etc .
Like I said , the world has gone to the freaks !!
They just do n't know when to stop breeding .
https : //www.facebook.com/bosanskinacionalisti ? fref = ts Here you can see various phenotypes of white members of that group , with purely European faces
Their identity is the Liberal Tribe , and they seek out and morally support other members of their tribe .
I am 24, like to hang out in my local bar have few ones and place music as much as i can .
Playing with their scooters , bikes and other NOISY toys right outside our windows .
I have a Bear compound bow I bought many years ago .
Goals??
It would be great if we could get every last white out of there so no one would be there to fix things .
I find it funny that people here spend their time trying to figure out if Spaniards , Ukrainians , Portuguese , Italians , and Russians are white enough .
Great image of the Jew as a poisonous mushroom .
According to Mathieson 2015, they had around a 30 % incidence of blue eyes ( versus around 25 % for the Steppe populations ) and carried the same mutations for light skin that the Steppe people did .
Okay, that 's good ... maybe they 'll come bursting onto the scene like the parties in Denmark and Norway !
Because they are essentially child-like and until someone steps up and says something they will just carry on , again like children .
I think I read a comment like that on a video on YouTube and it made me chuckle .
I lived in texas when i was younger , i know how tough some things can get . `` rasslin animals '' is half the fun
I find most people wait to long to react in a physical encounter .
If that Nigerian bitch thinks she will be elected in Tallaght , she is in for a rude awakening .
Beeline TV - Watch Online TV - Free Internet TV - Live TV Channels This has got a number of Japanese TV links for streaming .
Friggen hipicrits .
I finally heard back from the Child Development today .
What city do you live in ?
This figure is taken from quickresponse which is an organisation in Sweden who 's task is to watch rascist organisations in Sweden
Here 's a list of some of the other derivitives : Skr . धूम ( dhūma ) , Old Prussian dumis , Russ. дым ( dym ) , Lat. fūmus , Gm. toup/toben , Gk. θυμός ( thumos ) , Toch. twe/tweye , Lith. dūmai , Ltv. dūmi , Eng. dōmian/dusk , Goth. dauns , ON daunn , Ir. dé/deathach , Welsh dywy , Oscan Mefit , Polish dym , Pers. / dud , OCS дꙑмъ ( dymŭ )
- YouTube Heil Hitler !
What the Hell did Sweden ever do to anyone to deserve this kind of treatment ?
yeah i have lived in a few big american cities as far as big cities go though i think denver is one of the beytter ones 2508
I feel pretty alone alot of the time at mine .
Does anyone want to meet somewhere within the next few weeks ?
I think it is a bit late to think to look after the safety and the future of white people in South africa .
So... you would say to lie .
I wish I had been in the youth corps .
The White Horse gig was by far the best gig EVER by a Racial band in Ireland , and a packed house too ...
The Legacy of Dr. William Pierce I know Hadding and Will Williams and others are working hard on this project to bring articles written by Dr. Pierce from the printed page to being put online , for all to read .
agreed, there is no reason to make genocide of other races as long as they are in another country and have nothing to do with our affairs !
We will never forget this to your nation and to your country !
The boy had scars and burn marks from head to toe .
Homepage < < Go and check out what your homies are up too .
If yes , I think you are doing your people a huge disservice .
If you ever hear someone talking to a group of kids about their future goals , listen closely .
Don't you love the double standards ?
Black people are the biggest pawns ever everyone uses them for crime they are always the fall guy.Italian mob uses them to do the dirty work the mexicans use them the japanese use them and the chinese.Now who should know whos name ?
All of you need to go onto that comments section and let them know we will not be defamed like that and we have every right to gather in an area .
They will kill there own just as fast as they would kill there enemy .
Please keep seeding .
But one day there was a group of big black females gathered in front of the Houston city hall .
Take one of the scandinavian flags , and change the color from blue and yellow ( Sweden as an example ) and turn it to green and yellow. lol , it might be decent
Love how the ape loses so starts going on about how he 's going to shoot him .
This should n't surprise anyone .
1 .
well i am sure that the jews have the cure for aids but they wont give it to the fags cause they already served their purpoise
I know what gypises look like in the easten Europe i seen many of them in Lviv Ukraine begging for my food .
So , I do n't know what to say .
My aunt teaches at an all black inner city school in Kent , OH .
Actually, I 'm not a cook anymore .
What is it like to teach a negro ?
That 's unheard of today !
When I look at the Zimbawee 's Mugabe , I think `` Ape '' or `` Gorilla '' .
In August , I will be driving up a completely different way .
Though I am not a Christian , I can read it alongside the English and try to figure out words I do n't know .
Please help
Today , you pay to look at table after table of guns priced at retail .
I really hope she overdoses or something .
Yes, it 's just skin color .
Apparently if the 2nd toe is bigger than the Big Toe it is a racial sign that your parents have confined their mating patterns to mixing within those of Celtic Stock .
Carver is as much of a fraud as Michael King !
screw that. it IS about superiority .
I'll second that .
http: //www.wafb.com/Global/story.asp ? S = 11397795 Robinson had allegedly tried to sell the 225-pound piece of artillery , but Hurlee grew suspicious and called the Sheriff 's Office .
Look at the preservative crap they are eating too .
Mexicans ?
nice to see another maritimer , the south shore is a beautiful place , i ride down that way a lot on my harley , i live in the annapolis valley .
I know , it 's disgusting .
hey whats up i 'm new on here and i would like to have someone to talk to so hit me back for whatever
How can you advocate for NS and simultaneously declare its CORE defining principle a `` blasphemy '' ?
Found this great link while surfing : http: //www.freegifts4kids.com/index .... tion = home.home New and expecting parents receive FREE baby products and coupons from major baby companies such as Gerber , Nestle Carnation , and Mead Johnson Nutritionals .
I would say not !
I am thinking to create a thread dedicated to crimes commited by immigrants .
Just do your research and as long as you take your time and have some decent shop tools you should be able to do it .
They do it not because of their nationalism but rather due to their hatred of Russians .
R1b is the most common haplotypes defining the Europeans
I have a summer job all planed out and im goin to 10th next year .
I hope that all the security personnel and hangers-on who I saw chasing girls in the Voodoo lounge the other day do n't tell all their friends back in the Bronx about Latvia as a holiday destination !
This is not good even though it is the truth .
Not good news at all but this happens in all European nations and is no doubt pushed by the likes of Jews like Summer Redstone and MTV !!
This is the latest anti-white attack by a ' groid .
Don't wander around Kingston at night or you may end up tied to a tree with your genitals in a bowl nearby being pounded into mush for voo-doo spells .
They are trying to dumb us down on purpose ( said to say , it 's been working ) .
quote: -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Originally posted by Draco Nah G , Iz bee outta dat wigga sheot like a million mutha * * * * in years ago , nameen ?
More black-on-white hate crime videos are posted here : http: //ethniccrime.blogspot.com/p/ra...-on-video.html
I got a pm from him in which he cliams to write for the Sunday Independent 's Life magazine , enough said
Negroids could n't put together a bake sale properly much less a work force .
You have to tell those people every sent you have , or commit fraud .
Is it a good idea for them to release all these videos ?
It then became a booming black town , and they ran it straight into the ground .
14! 88 !
[quote=Holston;7597407
] God is the one that claims to be merciful and not like nature .
So laughable .....
I was away for the weekend that is why I did get around to posting my blood group ( I do n't see why I should bother anyway ) BTW , I am in blood group `` O ''
Incredible range of animals we 've got here .
Home schooling if feesible since , they must not only master the social sciences etc ... but als be able to be profiecent in the arts including music theory.Social skills and graces along w/public speaking.Weapon , hunting , survival , building , self-defense , exsplosives/bomb making & deactivation , codes , langauges , counter-intelligence , interogation , re-programing/minds and above all else always behave as a little kid ! Gotchya-this can all be accomplished through father and son/daughter communication starting at a young age and progressing untill the late teen years following dads clues/guidance.Learned behavior-especially since children tend to emulate the role model and mold them 'selves accordingly to thier parent of whom they love very much and want to please .
I just meant in the US generally , whether it turns out he 's a friend or not my first instinct is always to help one of my own if they 're being attacked .
I've heard that men with AIDS in Africa think having sex with a virgin will cure them .
WehrWolf101
You can come out to Calgary , we have a good group here that is very against drugs and the drug culture .
The soul that guided the Ukrainian people to fight the Beast with a great courage .
Those nations are all extremely diverse .
Great show !
False, Scotland is almost as bad as England and Scottish females have an obsession with negro males , well the ones i know do anyway .
Bit of a different perspective : What was really going on when violence broke out at the varsity rugby match ? [ video
] | The South African
Or was that just a media run ...
Hell I 'd rather clean a dozen tiolets a day then have to walk into a bathroom and see some mongrel standing there with a mop giving me a glassy-eyed stare .
A 750 lb boat with a 280 hp motor .
Funny part was that just when they were singing the only song that was in English , it started to rain and lighting bolt striked into TV antenna that was up just next to the stage - it was blackout for 1 minute and picture came back just when they were finishing that song .
What typical brainwashed liberal lemming .
What city and when was this that no calls could be made out .
YouTube - Dmitri Hvorostovsky - Eugene Onegin - Onegin \ \ \ ' s Act I aria Renee Fleming and Dmitri Hvorostovsk - Lippen Schweigen ( Lehar , `` Die Lustige Witwe '' ) YouTube - Lippen Schweigen - Hvorostovsky & Fleming `` Offtop '' bonuses : Hvorostovsky - `` Troika '' YouTube - Hvorostovsky - Troika Dmitri Hvorostovsky - `` Temnaya Noch '' YouTube - Temnaya Noch Dmitri Hvorostovsky - `` Little Bell '' YouTube - Hvorostovsky - Little Bell Dmitri Hvorostovsky - `` Moscow Nights '' YouTube - Dmitri Hvorostovsky Moscow Nights
new to the hole scene 20/m from connecticut make sure you find the real people and not the hole fake wp people
Please click on the banner below to join Stormfront today .
Sound like they are speaking another language in the back ground .
SEX: MALE RACE : BLACK D.O.B : 08-24-1950 HEIGHT : 5 ' 11 WEIGHT : 180 EYE : BROWN HAIR BLACK In Custody For : 001 MISDEMEANOR COUNT OF CRIMINAL TRESPASS 2ND DEG This dude looks like an olde version of Cornielious from `` Planet of the Apes '' !
Please keep that in mind .
It 's about the preservation and protection of the white race regardless of culture .
Hell, i tend to not give a tinker 's darn if my friends ' ocasionally ' smoke weed .
MVI 0147 Dead Pig Stops New Mosque Construction !
I never have but I imagine its a little too easy to off someone that way .
This girl was almost made another human sacrifice to your false god .
Getting someone else to do our dirty work got us into the mess we are in today .
--David Duke
When most whites today have so much white guilt laid upon them that they feel they have to act black or have sexual relations and children with blacks just to be accepted there is a problem with the white race memo .
why did god give negroes good rhythm ?? because he messed up their lips , hair , nose and skin so yes they are ugly !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I bookmarked their website last night .
Creep
White Power 2508
I am disgusted by the amount of white hate and brown love that teachers try to pump into my 16 year olds head .
Please tell me what the actions are in general .
How was that even happened ?
There IQ is pretty worthless if they have n't discovered a cure for cancer , MS , Parkinson or HIV , ETC .... bah .... all I see is numbers .
ASIAN security guards !?
She came to hate the African poachers and showed no mercy towards them .
I want to know what there is to `` investigate '' since no crime was committed .
As long as they have a place to get warm and you have a heater for the water so it doesnt freeze they do fine .
There are other ' Games ' , similar to the first you described , eg : 1
] FIFA , and 2
] The British FA ......
Hi, I am very respectable nordic man , living in Finland , aged 34 .
I 'm concerned because it 's japanese culture insinuating itself into American culture .
I saw a poll from Missippi that said that 40 % did n't think Lott should step down for his segregationist remark .
Worker: Thank you , I took a note of all that information and will use it to the best of my ability .
It's hard being White in California .
Just wandering if anyone can fill me about them more ?
2508
I also hope you are not exaggerating anything as children sometimes do .
The only species that constantly grabs his crotch in front of others and waves their arms around furiously are : 1. monkeys 2. blacks 3. both of the above Need I say more ?
Swinging On Both Females Guys Nobody Tries To Stop It
Great job guys .
How evil can you get huh ?
Reminds me of Homer Simpson 's `` angry art '' This looks like something I made as a kid [ the winner !
]
All four suspects are being held without bond in the Moore County Jail .
Yes the camp out will take place next month , we have a magnificent spot for it in the mountains of leinster .
Where a white woman can go about in public and not fear assault by muds .
Also you can check out this website .
I will probably be there most of today to see if anyone comes .
Let's hope he 's right , and that the heads of the Marxist elites currently ruling Europe start to roll .
Your assuming all Skinheads tattoo themselves and kill people for fun .
He 's gone .
Only Mr. Smith had no prior criminal record .
How about this one -- the commercials for the home burglary alarm they keep running on television---the criminals breaking in are --- surprise--always white .
That is The NWO beast .
Or Minnesota ?
Liberals change the facts to fit their deluded narrative , intelligent people change the narrative to fit the facts .
Често сам виђао и : 828 - HBH - Heil Blood & Honour - iveo Krv i Čast .
CONFIRMED - March 12,
2011 YouTube - UPDATE 1pm CST -- NOT GOOD !
I 've been in this scene for 14 years and it 's the same story every town/state I 've ever been to .
The show is crap .
But from what i have seen of the UFC lately , there are many whites dominating their division or challenging in the top positions of just about every weight class , with the exception of the heavyweight division .
Living well is the best revenge .
Click the little button that has a head with him speaking next to the `` edit '' button in your post .
I saw two blacks there and a few on their website .
http: //news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/8130746.stm
The race traitors sicken me too .
She then had the other students vote him out of the class .
i think everybody knew check out his thread ' skinheads ' https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... rish + skinheads knowbody trusted him from day one yet he still went ahead with a story that is old news more fools the star for even printing it. i dont notice any posts from joeblogs defending him self
Gay marriage has no place in any society , regardless of your race and culture.It destroys , morals , values , and the future of your offspring that will keep your race and culture alive.Regardless of your race and culture , homosexuality and gay marriage is the genocide of mankind .
If not , then try to educate both you and your children at home .
Teachers Combine Math With Social Justice Lessons - The College Fix Meanwhile in the other side of the world ...
i sit around everyday saying white pride and all , but i dont feel really involved , yet whites are being destroyed today more than ever , white culture is being destroyed more than ever. i dont know about everyone else but im sick off just watching it from the sidelines. i dont want to see my children be exposed to society like this. i want a change at all costs today. if anyone is in driving distance of massachusetts , post back .
Educating the Lemmings in reguard to the Isreali agenda , which is fighting a war for the Jew 's benifit not America 's .
DRM Radio will be broadcasting it 's second show , live this coming Thursday the 23rd Dec ,
8pm to 10pm on http: //drmradio.ubroadcast.com/ Listeners to the show are welcome to send us material they would like to have read on-air during any of our live broadcasts .
If I have to start compartmentalizing I use Nordic and Heathen
I use YouTube a lot and I 've been seeing this phrase all over .
You are white and you are better then them and the next time they harass you and someone else form a group of buddies and go up to the proncipal office .
Thanks for saving the picture but the one I saw was a black guy looking at a laptop and a White girl sitting next to him , laughing and hanging on him also looking at the laptop but they did n't show what was on the laptop .
It wasnt really that dangerous perse , just stinky , and dumb , with the poor 5 % white kids the outcasts , which made some of them hooligans and crazy .
How can others be so blind to this ?
No further words are needed .
I have never seen an Asian woman dating an Asian man.They like the white man they re-force wiggers and our detrimental towards our cause.Cpamikei
Obviously not .
And theres a good chance these children will end up race mixing back into the white gene pool , mongrelizing our race .
How many feet were lost ?
Yes I have seen African Blacks driving those type of cars too .
In the eyes of the Jew and the libtard there is a race problem and the problem is us !
Yamaha Aerox 150 PS 1000ccm - YouTube Yep a 1000 cc aerox
Exactly.
I know that Mississippi is full of blacks but is it really that bad over there that real white folks are trying to move to overpriced liberal ( my assumption ) Britain ?
The census results will be released next year .
I think they are going to have to do a better job of trying to show where the ' bias ' is in these SAT 's .
I 've added you to my AIM but have yet to catch you online .
Hiring someone from this website should ensure we do n't hire undesirables .
Swissgirl is your teacher openly gay ?
Some places to look up jobs ..
I would like to hear this .
Does anyone else ever have the feeling that Churchill was only fighting the Germans rather than NS as he was he acted like he was surprised at the Nurnberg trials ?
I was referred to as a racist once .
Sorry to hear about this attack on your girlfriend and I hope she makes a complete recovery .
you could easily describe democracy as the destruction of the whites. at least national socialism cared about it 's own people rather than others .
Anyway , I intentionally do n't make clear whether I 'm married or not , or whether I 'm a father or mother , because this is 2014 and the NSA and FBI are everywhere , and I like having plausible deniability .
The highes gothic altar ever built This altar is placed in church of st. Jakub , in town Levoča .
I was n't there too long but long enough to hate that place .
I hope all their farms burn down and their nappy headed children squandle in the flames .
But had n't been able to reply until now .
( Sorry for bad English )
Imagine that someone tells that it 's your fault because you provoked Russians or some similar idiotic bullcrap .
I guess it 's a good thing we did n't let any walk on the moon , heaven knows what would have happenned to it .
Soccer is the black mans game as they are so many of them playing soccer in poportion to whites .
32
His style of posting is unique and unappreciated .
But like I have said many times ... the haplogroup type ALONE will not tell or describe ones whole genetic map or how one looks like .
The main free stuff page for this month is here .
Thanks for your interest !
Welcome to Stormfront Ireland Ive seen the numbers at the bottom of a lot of posts , its just some kind of moderators code .
Help me send a message to Obama : https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... istan/SZP82fbc https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... ation/PLzLzpnc https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... -iran/Gs7L50Kv https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... h-irs/s8XQx9Hs https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... tates/nzjYDlGM
London is a dead zone as far as anyone White is concerned , even Hertfordshire where it 's closest to London is turning brown .
Every day its a little more in the garbage
2508
I hate it and I feel like I ca n't do anything about it .
The true essence of divinity .
All those evil irish ignorant racists 2508
This is another case that just hits you in the stomach hard .
Do n't mess with Texas
no, no. the immigrants stayed out of the ROI until taoiseach charlie haughey opened up our economy in the early 1990s .
The link in my sig lne `` Christian Identity and Identifying the jew '' explains this
That is truly sad , I do n't know how anyone could destroy something that is so old .
Ha !
Same with all of Europe after the evil yellow invasion .
I 've gone through corn mazes as well .
If an anti-White submits an ignorant or profane post , then calling him/her a stupid ass , lame brain knucklehead is not a racial slur .
Has this situation changed that much ??
That is until she finds her glasses ! : stupid : jump
The negro would n't have big buffed muscle body if it was n't for white man 's technology .
He got what he deserved .
Good.
http: //www.nytimes.com/2009/09/24/us ... er = rss & emc = rss
A news proved my allegation .
They follow the queen ant and would die for her .
Sounds like when I was down in Collier County last summer .
I'm interested in knowing if they 're slavic people or are they arabs claiming to be Ukrainian or other minorities using the title of Ukrainians ? 2508
I guess organic chem is just too hard .
Of course dogs are NOBLE creatures .
If you have children or grandchildren ages 12-17, please encourage them to learn about their heritage and history this summer by enrolling in the Knights Party Crusaders Youth Corps through : Youth Corp
Visit the used book stores in Riverside .
I guess they just really wanted to make sure the lies sunk in .
It has been claimed that the black African invented the stick , but that is a lie .
http: //www.venetofronteskinheads.org...mmer_2008.html
A mentally-ill Orthodox cantor who told jurors he was `` The Michael Jackson of Jewish music '' was sentenced in Manhattan yesterday to at least a year in prison for swindling a Washington Heights woman out of $ 36,
000 .
This video on british becoming a minority is so awful ill never watch it again .
Probably the largest listening audience he 's ever had .
its disgusting how a person color of skin determines whether or not you should give them training to become a doctor to save lives. thats racist .
Why dont you move to Nebraska ?
I would like to have a look round too Planning it for later this year Just a look round Looks like a beautiful country from the air ( google )
Kalispell, Montana - YouTube Elliott shooting for the 1st time - YouTube Big Mountain with Grace and Dad - Shreddin ' the Pow - YouTube New years wheelin Montana - YouTube New years wheelin Wild Bill - YouTube Wild Bill New Years Wheelin - YouTube
We do n't want you in Lithuania or in the USA !
This was done about two summers ago when she was just a baby out on the tree in the front yard , she is WAY bigger now I will try and get the new pics up this week to show off of her and the pug both .
I read that there are very few changes from each edition and that the sole purpose for the changes is to ruin lesson plans and thwart the used book market .
KOGO 's online radio software is blocked by many of these blockers .
Not so sure this will fit your bill but March of the Titans is a great book on European History .
I found this place because I was looking up Kountze ( same county ) .
Every word , the truth .
It works both ways .
Exactly man , that is so right .
Clash of the services !!
There are some that can vouch for that , too .
It is always about divide and conquer.If you look at the Golden Dawn pictures they usually have women around there.Unity among Whites is a must between the sexes .
It 's probably actually a good thing no one fits your standards ; that way no one has to deal with you .
Muahaha ...
I know of Chris Rock and subsequently have hated him for a long time .
I 'm about two hours outside of Chicago , so we get all the blacks with their thug attitudes in our town .
LOL
I would do it again .
What an ugly hag
Y!
Look for my thread ( Oh no !
Lunch was surreal .
I 'm not suggesting anything here ...
Like cats for example .
.457 round ball over an Ox Yoke Wonder Wad , over a 30gr Pyrodex pistol pellet , which is over 5-25 grains by volume of FFFg equivalent 777 ... fired by a #10 Remington Magnum percussion cap .
Below is a message that was publicly displayed many months ago on the website of the President of the United States .
You 're beautiful !
http: //www.visioncircle.org/archive/003870.html
You should look into it .
I wanted to thank you Mjodr for taking the time today to go check out a house there in the area for my family and I to move to .
The sooner the better .
Take pics of blacks , junkies and gangsters on the streets and next take pics of the schools .
My father was born in Germany My mother 's parent 's moved from Ireland .
And .... I know the rose hair is n't a reptile , but she 's sweet and I could n't leave her out They are another misunderstood family of creatures .
Sick
This is my home town .. these people are locals and can help you find what you want ...
And speaking of which , do you find it as comical as I do that people so lacking in beauty would want to become beauticians ?
I never at any time claimed this you moron .
Most weeks I see him 2 whole days and 1 or 2 nights per week I drive over and take him out to do something
I find that disgusting and not something I could ever understand .
There are lot 's of asiatic people besides turks .
Too many libtards , I would n't waste my time there .
Virtually all means ~ 100 % .
I'm often asked what my main squeeze looks like , here she is , Sweet Polly Purebred , in a scene where I save her from the evil jew scientist Simon Bar Sinister
That's an absolute shame that they have to remove the bodies of Hitler 's parents .
Thank you , C _ R.
Take a good thing when you see it .
Others were poignant accounts of the behavior of indisputably grief stricken animals .
There's more sex and sleaze condensed on the shelves of the check out line than you 'll get in 2 hours of TV - and 2 hours of TV is lethal to your spirit !
www.wheaton.edu Another 15 Execellent Schools : Baylor University 's College of Arts and Sciences , Waco , Texas Birmingham-Southern College , Birmingham , Ala. Bridgewater College , Bridgewater , Va. Columbia University , New York , N.Y. College of William and Mary , Williamsburg , Va. Davidson College , Davidson , N.C. Furman University , Greenville , S.C. Millsaps College , Jackson , Miss. Pepperdine University , Malibu , Calif. Rhodes College , Memphis , Tenn. St. Olaf 's College , Northfield , Minn. Samford University , Birmingham , Ala. Shimer College , Waukegan , Ill. Thomas More College of the Liberal Arts , Merrimack , N.H. Wake Forest University , Winston-Salem , N.C.
Black ' females ' fighting with black police in Harlem after the officers try to ticket them for skipping their fares .
Cheers brothers Russia & Serbia 4ever !!
Get the hell out of there as soon as possible .
I'm Scottish on my mom 's side and Portuguese on my dad 's side and I live in the north of Portugal
I wish everyone would leave them to their own demise so we can be done with it .
Francesca Battistelli : Beautiful Beautiful YouTube - Francesca Battistelli - Beautiful , Beautiful ( Video ) Meredith Andrews : You 're Not Alone YouTube - Meredith Andrews - You 're Not Alone ( Music Video )
Now that is good news as I frequently heard amongst my people that they will only stand together and fight once they have lost everything .
11
And a 99 cent unit study store here .
Please tell me you are n't advocating fraud .
The treatment of ethnic Germans in both the east and west after the German surrender is the real genocide that no one wants to talk about .
It makes my heart sick .
Typical i suppose in the eyes of the law he is just another tourist beaten on sydneys streets oh yeah and we all know if it was a poor black fella bashed it would be on the news for weeks on end and mr whitey would be branded a big bad evil racist
I have to say as a person who loves learning this site has me continually looking up and researching parts of history I have never really thought about before .
If you would like to join the group it explains on our board all about P.L.E and what our goals are .
I am in edmonton .
The moment I saw the hammer & sickle on the cover , I practically threw the game back onto the shelf and walked away .
I knew someone would post this actually this is very untrue actually there is many scenes that depicts black people being beaten up by whites you just have to know where to look
If you are interested reply to this message or PM me .
I could give a course on gun safety so , that they do n't end up like that monkey that shot off his penis .
That will teach you for wearing a jew cap you great suck up !
I read an article on that awhile ago and it said that when Eisenhower went to Moscow he did n't even ask for american POWs to be released .
As if Jews are the only enemies with a good set of brains .
Mound of Misshapened Aluminum ?
I used to live near a school that was 100 % Black with Black children living in all Black homes in a nearly all Black neighbourhood .
Excellent book I have read it several times and after reading this thread I think I will read it once again its well written and a good introduction into what is happening to our people.God Bless David Duke !
One of them is black and the other looks white .
New from Ruger : LCR in 9mm - The Truth About Guns
Thank you very much .
Now it 's gone back to the way it was when I left .
I have always thought whites and negroes are as different as lions and tigers .
But a new PLE friend in Sao Paulo introduced himself by e-mail this morning .
Is there anything like this on the market today ?
Also it 's NOT genocide. stop calling it that .
New York Brownstones , designed by European Whites .
It where loads of them when I was in Thailand , Thaiguys running up from the water screaming `` Tsunami tsunami !! '' and behind them is a one foot wave
Negroes also do n't know how to clean guns or care about cleaning guns or gunsmithing , which will catch up to them .
When Don Black says I am not welcome at SF I will leave .
Your a ignorant troll. and sadly your not even entertaining .
Rusya is typical Hutsul 's girl .
The image below is for the First Week of March 2011. freeman in court - judge bows to Sovereign - Canada YouTube - freeman in court - judge bows to Sovereign - Canada
Anybody in New York ?
The rest is tatar .
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .
Finding ourselves having to live here in annexed Aztlan is all the more reason to band together .
You can take a negro out of Africa and have it grow up in Boston and Orlando , and it still reverts to its innate negro ways the moment it hits its native African soil .
A fine shirt it is .
Nonwhite immigration regardless of if it 's legal or not still results in the destruction of white countries and communities .
Its only a matter of time until we become a hell hole like Sweden or the UK .
I would not even entertain myself with his so called work it 's all trash and does n't being with the WN movement .
Well actually young people can be converted with ease .
Q : If Johnny was at his own 10 yard line when he threw the ball and Jimmy was at his 30 yard line when he caught the ball , how many yards did Johnny throw the ball ?
I think people should not marry out of your own race .
Well done .
Is there any good White pride music that is n't just annoying screaming and bad metal ?
Steel casing have to be harder on the gun .
Butte , Montana Promotional Video - YouTube
You might want to check this out , gave it a pretty good review as a truck/ATV/snow mobile gun or just as a back-up that takes standard AR/M16 magazines .
Readers are encouraged to go to Websites for information on costs and financial aid offered by these excellent schools .
I wonder if they 'll let me keep the extra euro if i say i 'm ' ' unwaged ' ' .
i have never been noticed in a crowd for my tattoos.i have never seen anyone walking in a crowd just looking and concentrating on people with tattoos .
Relatively new band from Finland and all lyrics in suomi .
Bought the p226 today .
They are doing the same to all the white nations .
I suppose it is okay for everyone else to call me anything they want .
About those training : I never realized they had all that equipment .
The problems start when you start to accommonadate these people in the first place ! , give an inch and they 'll take a mile ......
Coming right up .
YouTube - Black kid sets teacher on fire .
Yes, everyone should check these videos out , as they 're a great way to introduce people to the idea of an open White Nationalist community ( PLE ) .
Most probably the next generation Whites wont have much difference from the native population !
You are a true friend of my serb people ...
Viva la MayheeKo !
New total = $ 747.00 vonFreyja88 sent $ 60.00 which I 've not received yet , ( hopefully in PO Box in AM ) and the NA member from the Poughkeepsie , NY area who does not post here pledged another $ 50.00, which I do n't have in my hand yet , brings the total to : $ 857.00 !!!
Thank you and this is video I 've made for all of us after I made those for each ethnics : Sons of Europe - Legacy - YouTube Only Unity
As northern Ireland falls under our rule we have more right to be here than a plastic paddy from america so kindly crawl back under your rock .
It 's a monthly fee for all you can learn ,
1900 courses .
White Power !
unfortunately the jew controlled government will never allow this labeling every attempt for this `` racist '' even though there are hundreds of negro exclusive schools around this country .
I stop watching the history channel years ago .
You are exactly right .
That was my conclusion .
No amount of educational funds will drag the population out of it 's sludge .
That would n't be nice .
I hope it is forgotten and we focus on the Holdomor and the death of 10 million Christians .
thank you both of you !!!!!! maybe if i would have put on my glasses i would have found it before .... tee hee !!!
Ah for the old days .
What they say and what the want to do are miles apart https : //www.facebook.com/NationalRif ... 4033633761833/
Let 's hope it stays and the New Year brings in more people like this great man .
Now there practically giving Ireland away .
Good going libtards , you ruined Rhodesia .
She then solicited his classmates to make comments about what they disliked about the boy .
Beautiful ship !
I like the Japanese , i really do .
I have a dream - one of these days Black occupation of America will be history !
hello, my name is jason , i am 13 years old and felt like postting. anyone here from or near CT , if u are , send me a message or something .
We should start gangs of our own and kill them and rob their homes , is this what the liberals wanted as `` diversity ? ''
They have been taking advantage of our over-welcoming nature for far to long .
Tell us more about yourself .
YouTube - Broadcast Yourself .
Last week the crowd were chucking snowballs at Peter Shilton .
These figures show that no one now could just talk about the need to restrict non-white immigration ( as the current government does ) ; large-scale repatriation of non-whites is absolutely essential .
It makes my skin crawl to hear her drunkenly yelling at her kids about how much she hates them and their father , using every racial epithet I 've ever heard .
Our task is to brainwash them ( in the literal meaning of the word ) so that they come home where they belong .
And this is why SA went from First World under Botha 's rule ( deKlerk does n't count ) to a Third World begger horde .
She and Tarja ( old singer from Nightwish ) are my top two favorite clean female vocals .
I 'm surprised to see it still active .
Is it a competition on TV to get the most alien looking black and to put them with a white woman ?
This was just on the news : Apparently the negro left a cigarette butt behind at the other house he attempted to break in to complete with his DNA .
O sister if you want to talk to a brother I 'm here pm me if you want. dont give up sister you well find what your looking for 88 stand tall and be proud to be a ARYAN WOMAN and sister 88 Goldenboy GODS RACE and NATIONS
It 's amazing how stupid liberals are , even after being nearly murdered for being white Mr. Begley is still a ridiculous * * * * * * -loving fool .
Rest in peace Herr Hess .
I suppose they 're trying to be funny , but it 's really just an effort to continue demonizing Germans and propagating the Holocau $ t .
Are ira fighting for WHITE Irish exclusively and a WHITE future for Ireland or is it all the same to them ?
Here is my old school picture i think it was in 1994 .
Swim back to Liberia--with a jew under each arm !
Are there any whites left in that craphole or have they all been killed ?
Danny p.s.please.excuse.my.keyboard , as , it 's.on.the.fritz 9 / LOL .
I do n't know who is the owner .
These videos are great in that they are just long enough to get in all that is needed on a particular subject and just short enough to keep it on point and interesting .
``Confrontingthe Girl Who Shot Me In the Face '' -- Dr. Phil - YouTube The female negro is making excuses like its not her fault but we all know its TNB , I feel for that poor white woman
I honestly hope that we dont directly involve ourselves anymore .
3 * 9 * 50 scope .
Exactly.
My last post here if you do n't post in Macedonian thread .
Videos like this just make me go hmm .
But how does one objectively distinguish a racist white gun owner from a non racist one ?
I thought there was talk not too long ago about Putin extending the terms to stay in office ?
Yeah, we could do with the same amount of black rapists as the Nordic countries are privileged enough to have .
Everyone on SF Britain respects other Europeans we just wish our politicians would do some think about this immigration problem we have just look at London its madness .
Same with ants .
This is a good answer , and I 'd like to hear your thoughts on the black music , likable black guy scenarios .
They are shipping 15,
000 Mc Turdos with fresh flies on the side .
For when a people is not willing or able to fight for its existence -- Providence in its eternal justice has decreed that people 's end .
Yeah, hay rides are popular here .
It looks like a good kind of army , with occasional internet access .
We Whites are built for grappling .
I have 2 friends in CS and neither has EVER worked with a black .
You can feel there like in 1944 .
These feral negroes stalk white women , rape and kill and , no one seems willing to stop them .
YouTube
If you think this is bad , wait until she gets to middle school and she has to read clap trap like Roll of Thunder Hear My Cry and see the movie .
nobody said I like him and I dont see the reason to like him to be honest WE HAVE ENOUGH CULTURAL HERITAGE FOR HUNDREDS OF GENERATIONS WE SHOULD BE PROUD OF WHAT WE DID NOT OF WHAT SOME AUSTRIAN DID !!!
Please let me know if the school needs anything and again when you get a website ready let me know the bandwith is on me .
These deaths are barely reported on the local level , much less the international level .
Well yes that s the thing there is a difference between being publically a White Nationalist and being a nut or some ' stereotypical skinhead ' .
Thank You for Proving What I said
It reminded me of a bar-room shootout in old Westerns .
WE GOT MONEY AROUND HERE TOO Compton Crips Pt.1 - YouTube These negroes are in the middle of the street , seems like something of a zoo , playing with their cheap lowriders .
Manslaughter?
http: //www.the-armory.com/shopsite_s...mmunition.html
i want to meet a single girl in alberta that has the same ideas as me , and wants to meet a 26 y old guy.if your out there let me know .
Or the same race that thought the 1st Klan were actual ghosts .
All there music good .
